If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.	You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	3.00
At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.	I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	0.60
Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.	Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	1.00
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.	This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	0.60
If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.	If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	0.80
You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").	I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	2.40
The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.	My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	1.00
You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.	If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	0.20
For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.	In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.	0.60
You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.	It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	3.60
I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.	The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	0.20
You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.	I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	0.20
I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.	Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	0.00
I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.	I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	0.00
I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.	Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	1.20
I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.	This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	0.00
In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.	A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	0.40
The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.	As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	0.40
Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	3.00
In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.	It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	4.40
It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.	The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.	3.20
The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.	All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	3.40
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	3.40
The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).	According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	3.60
I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.	All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	0.80
There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.	We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	0.80
When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.	Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	1.00
Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.	Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	1.60
Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.	Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	1.00
The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.	As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	3.20
You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.	A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	2.00
Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.	The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	0.00
It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.	Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	0.60
I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".	A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.	0.00
Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.	Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	1.40
The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.	Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	2.00
Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.	Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	2.60
On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.	It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	4.20
Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.	It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	2.80
According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.	I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	0.00
There are many arguments for why this is not the case.	There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	0.00
There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.	Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.	2.00
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.	As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	0.00
One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.	Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	2.60
According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.	Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	2.60
This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.	Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	0.00
Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.	When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	2.60
This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.	Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	0.00
I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.	These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	1.60
I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.	Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	0.00
Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.	If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	0.60
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?	The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	1.80
Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.	I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	3.80
I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.	In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	1.60
Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.	The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	3.20
The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.	There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	2.60
I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...	I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	3.00
By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.	I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	1.40
Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.	I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	1.60
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.	Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.	1.60
I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.	I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	1.00
In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.	I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	1.80
Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.	I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	1.80
Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.	The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	1.40
Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.	They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	2.60
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.	This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	2.00
There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).	Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	1.00
White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.	A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	1.40
I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.	Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	0.60
Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.	Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	1.40
The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.	She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and "have" told you in advance.	0.40
There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.	In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	1.80
I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.	I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	4.00
"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.	The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	0.60
As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.	I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	2.80
There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.	I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	2.60
Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.	If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	2.60
Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.	Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.	0.60
Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.	Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say "named" is preferred within the context of your example.	4.40
I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.	In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	2.20
As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.	The "more posh" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.	1.00
In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.	I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.	0.00
I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.	The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	1.60
The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.	I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	1.80
"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.	As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	3.80
Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.	Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.	3.00
I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".	This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.	1.40
The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.	Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.	3.00
I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.	Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.	0.40
Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.	In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	3.60
Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.	Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	3.40
Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.	If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	2.80
There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.	There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	4.20
No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.	You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.	4.20
Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.	Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	1.80
Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.	I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	1.00
Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.	Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	2.00
Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.	I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	1.00
Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.	Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	1.60
There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.	If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	2.60
A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.	I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	3.20
As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.	Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	0.40
In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.	Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	0.00
You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.	First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	0.00
I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.	Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	2.20
I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).	I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.	1.50
Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.	It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	0.60
Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.	Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	4.00
I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.	There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	1.80
I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.	Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	0.60
I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.	Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	1.60
Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.	Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	2.40
First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.	To paraphrase a common saying, "One man's weed is another man's lawn".	1.00
We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.	Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	2.00
The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).	Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.	1.60
Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.	So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	0.20
Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.	In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	0.20
It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.	There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	2.00
I reccomend "Monkey Grass" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!	I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.	0.00
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.	Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.	3.20
Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.	Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	1.00
The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.	If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	2.00
Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.	The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.	2.40
Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.	I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	0.00
Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.	Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	1.60
I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.	This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	3.80
Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.	Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	1.20
The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.	The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	2.00
The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.	Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	1.00
There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.	While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	2.00
They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.	To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	0.60
The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.	"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	0.00
This relates to the "discovery" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.	In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.	0.00
That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	3.40
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.	2.60
There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.	Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	0.40
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.	Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	2.80
The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.	By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	2.00
As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.	There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	1.60
As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.	"The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.	1.40
I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	1.20
A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).	Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	2.20
I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.	The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.	0.60
Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.	Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	2.60
In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.	Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	3.00
Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.	In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	2.20
It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.	The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	1.80
In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.	In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	0.60
I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.	A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.	0.00
Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.	The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	1.60
Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.	Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	0.80
One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.	All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	0.20
Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.	Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	1.00
As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.	In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	2.80
This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.	As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.	0.60
As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.	Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	2.80
"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.	A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	1.60
This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.	If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	1.40
According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.	From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	1.40
No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.	A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.	3.00
In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.	A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	3.20
Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.	Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	2.80
GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.	GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	3.40
American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.	Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	2.00
Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.	So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	2.80
Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.	In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	0.00
Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.	I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.	0.20
If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.	A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	0.80
Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.	An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	0.00
I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.	It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	4.20
Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.	As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	0.20
Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.	Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	3.20
You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.	Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	0.00
The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.	If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	0.60
Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).	Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	0.00
My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.	My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	4.80
I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.	You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	3.80
You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.	He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	1.80
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?	I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	0.40
Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.	Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	2.60
We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.	Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	1.60
Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.	A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	1.40
Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.	I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	2.00
Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.	A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	1.80
I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".	The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	1.20
It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.	You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	0.80
The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.	You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	2.20
As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.	Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	3.20
Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).	Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	1.40
We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.	I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	1.40
An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.	I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	0.00
Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.	My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	1.60
You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.	Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	0.80
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.	Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	2.80
I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.	Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.	1.80
Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.	Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	0.67
In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.	Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	2.60
I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.	Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	0.40
We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.	It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	2.40
First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.	Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.	2.80
To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.	Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	2.00
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.	3.00
I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.	I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	2.60
They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.	Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	1.80
Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.	It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.	3.80
Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.	I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	3.00
In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.	How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	1.40
First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.	First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	1.60
The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.	The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	0.00
Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.	My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	0.60
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...	Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	0.00
As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.	Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	3.40
As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.	You should take this animal to a vet right away.	3.60
Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.	The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	2.20
John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.	There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	3.00
You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.	Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	1.80
A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.	The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	2.40
Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.	I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	2.60
We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.	We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	1.40
Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.	The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	1.60
Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	1.60
Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.	Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	1.40
Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?	Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	2.80
I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.	I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	3.80
The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.	Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	3.40
My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.	People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	0.00
sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.	The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.	2.00
It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.	I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	0.00
Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.	It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	3.80
Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.	I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	0.20
Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?	If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	0.60
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.	The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	1.80
Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.	I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's "solution", you must take in account the original (historical) context.	1.80
As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.	Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called "complex" or "imaginary" numbers.	1.20
wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.	The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	0.00
I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.	Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	1.00
Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.	As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.	0.40
It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.	I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	0.80
An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.	When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	3.00
Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).	Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	3.80
There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.	There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	3.20
The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.	Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.	2.60
It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).	When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	3.00
In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.	You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	2.60
If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.	I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	1.80
There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.	I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	2.60
In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.	I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	0.80
Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.	A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	1.60
It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.	Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	0.60
I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.	Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.	2.60
Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.	I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	1.20
Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.	The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	0.00
Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.	The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	2.40
Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.	For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	0.40
If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.	Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	0.60
If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.	Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	1.00
In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.	Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	2.60
DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.	Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	4.00
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.	Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	3.60
There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.	The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	2.60
Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.	Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	1.60
The function of the german president is almost just representative.	The president is not really all that important for German people.	4.00
While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.	In a "first-past-the-post" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.	3.00
Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.	The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	0.60
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.	Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	0.00
To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.	Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	0.40
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.	I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	0.40
There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.	No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	2.00
The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.	Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	0.60
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.	This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	0.00
As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.	According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	3.20
They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.	Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	2.80
In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.	Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	2.60
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.	Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.	2.80
This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.	The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	0.20
As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.	Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.	3.20
To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.	Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.	0.60
I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.	As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	3.60
I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.	The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	0.00
One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.	I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	0.00
The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.	A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	0.00
I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.	Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	0.00
As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.	I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	2.20
I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	0.00
I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.	Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	0.40
There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.	To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	0.00
Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.	I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	2.60
Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.	The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.	0.80
Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.	I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	0.40
I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.	I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	3.00
What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.	The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	2.20
Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.	I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	0.60
My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.	Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	3.40
13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.	Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	2.20
http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.	I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	1.80
There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.	I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	0.80
There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.	Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.	0.00
I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.	Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	1.60
The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.	There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	2.80
The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.	I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.	1.67
It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.	I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	1.80
Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.	On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.	2.80
It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.	I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	0.00
I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.	First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	0.60
Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.	I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	1.80
Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?	I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	0.40
The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.	It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	0.20
Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.	We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.	0.00
Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.	Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	1.40
"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.	First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	0.00
In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.	According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	0.60
The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.	I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	0.80
Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.	Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	0.20
It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.	Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	2.20
Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.	Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	1.80
The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.	This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	0.20
Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.	Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	4.00
There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.	Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	4.20
Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.	It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	4.40
Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.	Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	3.00
Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!	We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.	2.60
This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...	If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	0.60
In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.	Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	3.20
Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.	It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	2.60
Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.	To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	1.20
Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.	Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	3.00
I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.	Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	0.00
There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.	There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.	2.60
It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.	Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	1.20
From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.	At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.	2.80
There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.	I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	0.20
Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.	The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	1.80
That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.	Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	0.00
I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.	Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	0.00
As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.	No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	3.00
The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.	I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	0.00
Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.	As per FIFA's "Equipment Regulations", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.	2.40
A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.	Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	0.40
I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.	I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.	2.60
This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.	It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	0.00
Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.	For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	3.60
There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.	There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	1.80
I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.	I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	1.60
This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.	As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	2.00
When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.	My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	2.00
I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.	I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.	0.00
Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.	A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.	2.60
Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.	Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	0.40
It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.	There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	0.00
Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.	I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	0.20
There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.	Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	1.80
Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.	The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	1.60
As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.	The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	1.00
As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.	There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	0.60
Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.	Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	1.00
I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.	English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	2.80
I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.	I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	2.60
The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".	There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".	3.40
I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.	I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	1.60
I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.	Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	4.00
To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.	For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	1.80
One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.	David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	0.20
Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.	You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	0.00
I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.	Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	1.40
I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.	No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	0.00
I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?	One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.	1.20
guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.	We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	3.60
A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.	The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.	3.00
Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.	You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	1.20
I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.	Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	1.80
At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.	The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	0.80
http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.	Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	1.20
I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.	Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	0.00
I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.	In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.	3.20
Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?	I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	0.20
