hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters.	hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys.	2.70
| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	4.00
insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?	insignificant to you maybe.	1.60
agw has not been proven.	sorry, agw has been proven.	1.80
about the unemployment bill?	and this unemployment bill?	4.60
maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org	yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	4.71
don't worry about him - he's a grown up.	don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	3.60
not srs this "plot" smells a rat.	this "plot" smells a rat.	4.20
so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i	but what i said to myself was "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"	4.60
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often, none of that seems to matter once they've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine.	and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace.	3.20
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	3.00
do you know who shareholders are?	do you know who benefits from profits?	2.40
5) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	2) when i said this-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	3.20
it just doesn't make sense.	that doesn't make any sense.	4.60
every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	4.00
i can no longer support them.	that's why i can no longer support them.	4.80
claim: powell claimed that "unnamed sources" confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons.	claim: powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons.	2.40
and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.	and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.	4.60
what are you trying to say?	what point are you trying to relay?	5.00
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.	2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	4.00
thanks for the heads up.	ok, thanks for the explanation.	3.70
for your advice guys...my	for your advice guys!!	4.80
that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	4.20
a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	4.00
that is what liberty is about, after all.	here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.	0.00
it just doesn't make sense.	i just don't get this.	5.00
and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.	"[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american," huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	4.00
[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	5.00
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?	libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	3.90
that's what laffer was saying and that's what you are choosing to ignore.	that's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore.	2.40
mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	4.20
opec aren't oil companies, braniac.	you left out oil companies, braniac.	2.40
grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.	obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	2.33
i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.	eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	3.40
if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	3.80
i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.	i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	1.60
know what im talking about.	needs thinking about.	0.60
president obama would continue that trend.	presi*dent obama would double it.	2.30
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	the gop is fighting for freedom of choice.	3.00
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	1.60
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already?	because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy.	3.40
germany surrendered in april.	japan surrendered unconditionally.	0.80
why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	"why didn't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration?"	3.80
moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."	what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	4.20
i'm not sure about any of those.	i'm serious about this.	0.60
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	3.80
you're not talking about current events.	i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	2.40
the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.	well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	1.20
"i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government."	mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	3.40
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	3.80
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.	read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	1.80
i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not	i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	4.20
the entire caribbean poisoned?	the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned.	3.20
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	3.20
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.	the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	4.40
i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.	by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	0.70
the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul.	the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated.	3.60
doesn't have the vision to "sustain" apollo?	does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	3.60
no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.	people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	0.00
you've worn the finish off your coffee table.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	1.80
i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.	they "have" fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events.	0.00
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	4.20
quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.	it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	0.20
like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.	so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	5.00
i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.	i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	0.20
further, you will stop playing baseball.	you will cease playing american football.	1.00
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.	however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	2.80
thank you for your concern pelastration.	thank you for pointing me foster.	0.40
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	so, he is a 'self made man', if you want to quibble over that, fine.	2.60
i am done with this thread.	i agree with there goes trouble.	0.20
depression is when you lose yours.	recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	1.20
wtf is that all about?	wtf are you babbling about?	3.90
they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.	the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	3.20
being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either, yet, all of you consider yourselves americans.	it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon.	1.50
president obama is doing a bang up job.	president obama would continue that trend.	2.80
where did i say it did?	did i say i excused it?	1.60
man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	2.00
perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes.	perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory.	1.60
does anyone else find that astonishing?	did anybody else find this disturbing?	2.40
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	4.40
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.	0.80
but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????	where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	2.47
the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with.	the anti-semites and nazis, we're already familiar with.	1.80
i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.	i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	1.00
someone needs to go to jail for that one.	he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	0.80
you're not talking about current events.	do you even pay attention to current events?	1.60
maybe they don't like race baiting?	maybe they don't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings?	3.00
add into it the disruption of their financial connections.	six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners.	0.67
vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?	rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	2.00
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	3.00
being a university student.	i mean, being a history student..	3.00
that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..	like 99.99% of your idiotic questions, it doesn't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise.	3.80
wtf are you babbling about?	what are you trying to say?	4.40
what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?	our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	3.60
every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.	driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	3.10
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	4.00
the problem is us, through and through.	the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	0.00
i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?	i can't carry on as i am, so i do need to know what his long term intentions are.	2.20
that is the entire case.	it worked in the snyder case.	0.60
sue them and try to get some money out of them.	if your problem is with the banks,then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them.	3.20
sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok, no reply.	i rang him at 5.30am to see where he was, no reply.	2.60
actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it (ss) is administered.	good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage.	2.00
he's not ranting against the troops.	it's like being against hammers.	0.00
the gravy train really is all out of gravy.	the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	3.10
point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.	and in the end, bush's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending...	1.80
wish i could stop thinking this way.	just can't stop feeling this way.	4.00
why would walker's cronies reject an offer to order the "sleeping protesters" out of the capitol?	interestingly, both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining "sleeping" protesters out of building.	2.20
sue them and try to get some money out of them.	time to get the government out of the bedroom.	0.00
that is the entire case.	that’s normally the case.	2.40
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.	it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.	3.60
there's not even an investigation.	has there even been any criminal investigation?	2.20
don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.	'poof' disappears: just because they don't show it to you.	0.80
how is that possible?	does anyone know if this is possible??	4.00
one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.	none of it would exist if it wasn't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft.	0.00
i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.	it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup.	0.80
are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?	people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	0.00
sorry for your loss, this could be handy.	sorry, you just don't.	1.40
any help would be much appreciated.	sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!	3.20
i went out & found new friends.	ask yourself what you look for in a friend too.	1.60
this is what we all feared was going on anyway.	that is what we're up against and must compete on a global scale.	1.40
so that is the end of that.	to them it was good enough.	1.80
other parts of the study's methodology is flawed.	just another bit of that graph thats false.	2.40
i don't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.	i don't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work.	3.40
but don't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks.	it's not your fellow citizens' responsibility to do that.	2.20
and he spent his money on things he cared about.	i wonder how this will pan out.	0.00
also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.	the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	1.60
it has now been lifted.	that's how i would feel supported.	0.60
the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history.	you have made a claim, that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped.	2.60
i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i don't care about.	it's not because he is stupid, it's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings.	0.00
like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	1.20
others have the right to their opinions as always, we don't have to agree, and there's little chance we ever will agree.	they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat, lazy, uneducated, low skilled and dependent union worker.	0.60
governments exist for a reason.	the dont identify me as a real preson,..	0.00
debt slavery here's a hint.	debt slavery here's what class warfare looks like!	2.40
no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.	no need to tell them at all.	1.20
does anyone know if this is possible??	does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days?	2.00
if we could only learn from our mistakes!	just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.	1.20
a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too.	yeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.	2.40
the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus.	and when poor shirley was forced to resign, fox comes out with a report, just tonight, that obama threw an "innocent" woman under the bus.	2.20
but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention, awaiting trial.	but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it, feeding him along?	1.40
she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.	the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times.	1.60
inherited that when his father died.	then i found others that countered what she said.	0.00
i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.	you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	0.80
then you birds got nuttin to worry about..	i agree with you, its a ironic story also.	0.60
then they are talking money out of something else.	you can't arrest someone for something they haven't done...	0.00
but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents, who sought his resignation, the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized, shaken nation.	the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month.	2.40
why do you hate america so much?	rslw: no, why would i hate them?	2.00
i looked him in the eyes and said that these young me did what they had to do, they should have no regrets or feel bad and it should have been done sooner.	i called back, and the lady said sorry since you didn't answer we offered the job to the next person on the list who answered the phone, that didn't make any damn sense to me.	0.00
and what do you know, receipts stayed about the same.	and the county where detroit is located also voted for him?	0.00
the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one.	we do have a disparity of "justice" in this nation, a severe one.	1.20
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville, south carolina.	0.60
this september i left home, and started at university.	i remember when i left school and went to college, all my friends stayed at school sixth form.	2.00
do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites.	obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites.	1.60
anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.	are you saying that if a government doesn't break up a monopoly (cable), it is enforcing the monopoly?	1.20
unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.	as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	1.30
i can't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..	so was this upholding the law, or just armed robbery?	0.00
and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens, at least for a while.	if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.	1.00
they didn't even have a train station...	when it gets over $5 a gallon, i hafta opt out...	0.00
laws should be for everyone.	very humbling indeed - happens to everyone.	0.00
it worked in the snyder case.	i'm shocked he was even elected...	0.00
so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane?	feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.	2.60
then i found others that countered what she said.	the low person bit pissed me off, but the prose that followed was so good!	0.00
and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.	and that doesn’t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama’s economic oppression.	0.20
if i were you, i'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public.	all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.	3.20
surely this is entrapment? he didn't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation?	i would happily have explained what i was actually saying, but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations.	2.00
i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.	it's not the concept of subsidies per se, but the nature of the subsidies themselves.	0.00
this is totally unacceptable!	that is not a "substantial drop"!	0.60
if you did, you wouldn't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining.	but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again.	0.20
he's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science.	they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis, these tiny school districts make no sense.	0.80
ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.	william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	2.40
you think they're bluffing about that?	yeh right, they're so on board with that!	1.40
when i have more time (tomorrow), i will provide the sources for all of this information.	not sure what specifically you're asking for, so i'll do a total dump of information.	1.00
i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.	if "crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them", then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people.	0.00
based on the historical record, that recovery was imminent, within a couple of months or so.	so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.	0.00
i feel you are a good man, i truly like you.	oh, i bet he can i truly hope not.	0.00
then, that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases.	yes, america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming, but then who does?	1.67
after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them.	me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere.	2.33
i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright.	"smart" anything is a bit of a reach for him.	0.00
i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story, all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	2.67
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.	and they definitely shouldn't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else's contraception & abortions.	2.67
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	2.17
people need to keep campaigning, keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community.	adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative/unform view of the lgbt community.	2.33
that's not the right way to go.	the people have a right to know!"	0.08
that's the bread and butter of "entrepreneurialism"!	that is the real purpose behind so-called "free trade."	1.50
dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do, i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it!	don't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified, she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card, and that was that.	1.50
some politicians are now just preying on human weakness.	and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too.	0.67
i have my own business but work as all but dried up...to	and they insisted on "right to work" laws that busted up the unions.	0.83
his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history.	the distortional inclinations of the next president, george h.w.	1.83
i hope it works out in the end...	and stop worrying about it...	0.91
the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.	there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn't government enforced.	1.83
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.	1.50
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.	as a christian, i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them."	0.83
their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government.	its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets.	0.50
one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse.	since there would be no "spouse", employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse.	1.00
here it's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks.	see, it's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets.	0.33
in south afghanistan, nato said two coalition service member were killed, one on friday and another on saturday.	two coalition crew members were injured in that attack.	2.67
makes me feel all festive.	a false allegation, allie.	0.00
iirc, the sign was erected early on, but was removed as being too obvious.	no,the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros,after he was convicted of lying to the fbi.	0.00
the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam.	george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam.	1.00
so, i guess that's it.	so, it's something else, isn't it?	1.33
@dlowan, "for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse: 'may you live in interesting times!'	republican senator charles percy's secretary took an interest in me.	0.00
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.	the conservatives are currently on 37% of the vote, labour on 28% and the lib dems on 23%.	1.17
how do regulatory agencies become "deregulated?"	no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated.	1.67
they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush.	they were reserved for adults.	0.00
look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush.	obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	1.17
why don't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good?	lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper.	1.00
what surprises is that even in the 1970s, on the back of 3 decades of cooling, more papers (42 in total) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling.	they find very few papers (7 in total) predict global cooling.	1.67
don't be jealous and bitter.	don't hate your fellow americans.	1.17
(bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "stimulus ii" wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now!)	the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget.	2.00
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine.	2.00
which i think is a good idea.	ok, that's a good point.	2.33
yeah, for toddlers, since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking.	however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11% in flint.	0.00
eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend" am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home?	eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.	1.83
it's the individual citizens' responsibility to fund their own behavior.	what happened to personal responsibility and accountability?	1.83
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.	thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	0.00
this is how the people on the right here treat truth.	in the "binary" world of the right wing, it's either all lies or all gospel truth.	1.67
but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.	but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one, partly in the us where he also studied.	0.67
i'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far.	i'm open minded and i just don't take things as personally as others do.	0.00
i didn't want to read and run hun.	i've narrowed it down to god, gays and guns.	0.00
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.	they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service...even	0.00
there's kurds in syria, too, i believe.	otherwise, no other information would be given.	0.00
i don't need to create problems for myself, with customers feeling they were mislead.	i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.	1.83
time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected, and a vastly different set for the commoners.	that said, i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws.	1.33
but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.	that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	2.17
christy is a fat sack of shit.	firstly, there's no need to panic or rush.	0.00
grrrr what the heck do i do?	<shrug> what's a person to do?	4.17
we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.	george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences.	2.50
no one appears to have posted about this yet.	are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up?	0.00
ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.	lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	0.50
i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.	it's real simple: get the hell out of everybody's bedroom and start worrying about the economy.	0.00
i'm terrified, and dh doesn't talk about it much but he's nervous too.	kill off the weak, and shit won't cost so much for the rest of us.	0.00
9. no "spouse" means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes.	no "spouse" means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own.	2.83
didnt want to read and run..	i hate bloated spending.	0.00
but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.	it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".	0.00
spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc's operation breadbasket.	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	0.50
quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.	and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	0.83
if you have used the va loan, and then refinanced using the streamline program, i'd be thrilled to hear about it!	have any of you used a va loan to buy a house, then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you'll save a bunch by refinancing?	3.67
the justice system is a farce and we all know it.	it used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials.	0.00
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.	i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	0.67
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth.	1.33
but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level, expected in the early part of the second half of the century, these effects will become critical.	it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level, expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast, studies suggest.	3.00
i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.	it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.	0.33
of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how.	the only questions remaning are "when" and "how bad".	2.33
you can read about the case below.	you can jump to the moon.	0.50
does this sound like the sensible option.	does this concern you?	1.33
as cruel as it sound, i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone.	"i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they don't want to do."	1.83
this is not rocket science.	this is precsisely, is it not?,	0.83
no need to tell them at all.	agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine.	1.67
to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.	this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.	2.67
anyone else feel like this?	does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe?	1.67
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.	but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward.	0.00
i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy, we wouldn't of had one.	with marshall - 8 weeks (but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt.	1.67
it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.	it's a pretty far-fetched argument, just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it.	0.67
thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality.	thanks again, for proving my other point while you're struggling to argue with me and insult me.	2.83
i'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling, rather than them fretting because they're seeing their mum upset.	you don't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better, you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what's wrong.	1.50
we don't have a college record?	don't people ever learn?	0.00
seriously, it's true.	so, i guess that's it.	1.17
i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives..	i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist.	0.00
i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread.	and what has jesse jackson contributed to american life?	2.00
i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold.	also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one.	0.83
they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost.	he married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.	0.50
they are killing themselves as a politcal force.	they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash.	0.33
and of course the poppy propaganda.	amd loose both of us.	0.00
if millions have a disastrous medical issue, like cancer, or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue, what's the difference?	if people need help, just assume charity and local gov'ts aren't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it, what's the difference?	0.60
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	0.00
the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us.	the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense, the less you will hear of this case.	0.00
i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.	i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now.	0.60
boycott as you deem fit, but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top.	chances are it will move more to the middle over time.	0.00
for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.	but when they are of a moral or religious nature it's not government's business.	1.40
that's how i would feel supported.	you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	1.60
they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.	they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	0.60
what does keeping england english even mean?	they live in england and should speek english!	1.90
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	she then said she could not give me their number.	0.00
i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery.	i see, we've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless?	0.60
i would suggest that a few more than "nobody" cared.	any advice would be more than welcome.	0.80
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.	however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...	1.20
so what does this have to do with newt?	does this sound like the sensible option.	0.40
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	0.00
neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.	they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	0.50
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.	there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions.	0.60
the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists.	1.40
this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years.	quartermass has not given opinion in that last post, namvet.	0.00
we want a flat, fair and wide base and most importantly, for the government to live within it's means.	the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue.	1.40
they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin.	tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.	2.60
where it goes wrong in practice is when they create a central government to control the communes.	however, by that same rationale, it is unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-makers.	0.40
as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.	we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	0.00
no it's just that people like you can't be honest.	it's obvious that you love your daughter and want what's best.	0.60
are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion?	for the larger issue, if you are going to take that route, then is islam an inherently evil/violent religion?	3.80
dodge, change the subject, project what they have been instructed to believe etc...	2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	0.60
don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	2.80
and all to few understand, therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide.	they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered (i.e.	0.80
the debate is whether or not a new mosque should be built at that very location.	if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.	0.00
some refused to go because they didn't want to be killed.	some who went to war didn't want to go, but felt they could not disobey.	2.80
do the math, and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids.	and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now.	0.80
using your definition - there was no housing bubble.	early in our friendship she confessed her marriage was in trouble...i	0.00
it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways...and	it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways.	0.00
because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.	because they're not shameful liberal media race-baiters.	0.80
is there any way that can be avoided?	think it's going to stay that way with less police?	0.60
either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it doesn't - pick one.	the government didn't have any thing to do with it.	0.60
that was also about a blow job, of course.	bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office.	1.40
the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	1.60
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.	we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing...is	0.00
also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..	lots of luck, she will get through this phase!	0.20
thanks for thinking of me, but i don't have the desire to appear on his show.	i'd love to tear apart his lies, but i don't know how good i'd be on a radio show.	2.00
totally free of course.	reality, of course, disagrees.	0.00
to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior.	to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors, which could only mean that blacks are inferior.	3.20
i agree with you, quantum windbag, and so do most legal commentators i have read.	i agree with you about 'shouting about being different', what do you count as proclaiming difference?	1.80
the foreign secretary, margaret beckett, is at 40/1, while the defence secretary, des browne, and the welsh and northern ireland secretary, peter hain are 50/1.	the international development secretary, hilary benn, the former health secretary alan milburn, and the leader of the commons, jack straw, are all at 25/1.	2.60
she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	3.00
try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking.	in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.	0.70
is your health care rationed?	thus the need for health care insurance reform...the	1.20
now of course its everyones fault but their own.	and of course it not ever their fault, as it's now fox news, the righties, blaa blaa blaa.	3.40
you spew here what you claim to be facts.	you can claim it's false all you want, but facts are facts.	1.60
but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.	most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	1.60
true oil only comes from quart sized cans.	or like oil companies, who have a cartel.	0.80
i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.	i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head.	2.00
the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them.	i don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy.	2.00
in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion.	the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	1.60
the poor don't need cobra to continue being insured, they never were insured by their employers, they have medicaid.	the rich don't need cobra, they can buy their own individual policy at any price...so	2.20
but conserv won't address these issues.	how will conservatives respond to the issues?	2.40
they didn't even have a train station...	ground/home deliver tues thru sat...	0.00
upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for "national security reasons."	a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on "national security."	2.20
my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried.	my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died.	1.00
do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?	our justice system is rotten to the core, so what are we going to do about it?	0.00
whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers, her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when i change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine.	this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all.	3.00
in their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.	in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.	1.60
obviously you're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests.	conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.	0.20
the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine, not the other way around.	so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly, chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion.	3.40
it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.	but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".	0.00
also, there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects.	yes, there are many variables that affect prices, and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic.	0.20
i will do so with my daughter this year...	and besides they do update their platform.	0.00
has anyone heard about this?	or does anyone know any way i could help it?	1.00
the justice system is a farce and we all know it.	the president's biological father was kenyan, and obama barely knew him.	0.00
just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing?	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	0.00
i don't really know what is up but i'm super mad about it.	i really dont know what to do...	2.20
they didn't get it, but they asked for it.	the bush administration put them back in.	0.00
source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw?	until two days ago, i didn't know they actually made guns for kids (and i'm not talking about toy guns).	0.00
of course, people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean, death is peeking around the corner.	actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line.	0.00
things are so big and strange.	i know they are not saving and i just cant understand!	0.00
we should have monuments for him.	we should start a sequence of these threads ;-).	0.40
but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin.	why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	4.60
that doesn't make any sense.	utter fucking nonsense.	4.40
reality is, i was there before and returned again.	best wishes, yes he had an affair.	0.00
here's a list of articles for you to peruse.	skip, that's also very true.	0.00
i wouldn't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though!	i dont understand where my parents money goes!	0.80
he still hasn't to this day.	he just doesnt get it.	2.40
blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation.	the federal government's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left, the white house or cbo.	0.40
in addition to these three, roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals, and 53 judges to the united states district courts.	in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran.	0.60
do you even understand what wry was conveying?	there is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.	2.20
the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.	it helps that the media hasn't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten.	0.60
there seems no hope in these areas.	not really, most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens.	0.60
ah, so many amazing memories...	the nature was so amazing...	0.00
nor will they be the last.	networks without assistance.	0.00
they controlled spain for quite awhile back then.	it's really good, and quite innovative in places.	0.00
then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day.	anyway, i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago.	1.40
so at least based on the available data, it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems.	this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers.	3.80
i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11.	nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9/11.	3.40
as to what happened to their missing kid.	was it as gruelling for them as i'm imagining?	0.60
but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun, and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying.	i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me, and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me, until i realised i couldn't do it and stopped and made him take me home.	1.60
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	you've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week.	1.80
as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.	waiting in an outer hall, i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone.	1.40
why has no one come forward to admit the truth?	who in the media's been going "half-cocked" and how did they do it?	1.60
thaksin "red shirts" gather again in bangkok bangkok, april 25 (reuters) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago.	thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 (bloomberg) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april.	2.80
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	when you open your dish cabinet, and there is only mugs.	2.00
i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.	why hasn't the us government done that (if the affair is fake, taht is..)	1.60
they found the bomb before they found the woman.	the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama.	0.00
the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming.	the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas.	0.20
murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire.	rupert murdoch inherited his father's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. (australia).	3.80
the problem is, you are going after people just like you.	edgar, you may be right - at least in part.	0.40
the french legislation has enraged turkey, which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill.	wednesday’s decision is likely to please turkey, which has warned that the bill, if enacted, would seriously affect turkish-french ties.	3.00
i can hear the desperation in your words.	suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness.	0.60
is there any property involved?	is your health care rationed?	0.60
when we were young, before my husband got an easier job, he did manual labor.	we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.	0.00
that is what liberty is about, after all.	that darn liberal media never goes after liberals!!!	0.60
we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished?	allowing them to set up camp, much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world?	0.80
the resolution was opposed by the obama administration.	the obama administration?	1.60
