mexico wishes to avoid more violence.	mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 	4
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.	spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 	4.2
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.	the treaty was first signed in 1990. 	4.2
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.	gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 	3.2
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.	safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 	0.6
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.	santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 	3.6
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 	3.6
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.	ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 	2
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.	investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 	4.4
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.	russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 	1.4
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.	the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	4.6
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.	russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 	2
the center will formally open in 2009.	the center will be operational in august 2008. 	2.2
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.	brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 	3.8
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.	regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 	3.6
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.	bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 	2.6
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.	georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 	4.8
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 	3.8
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 	2.8
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 	3.6
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.	reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 	4.2
methamphetamine is also known as ice.	the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 	3.4
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.	national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 	4
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 	4
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 	3.2
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 	4.4
myanmar was formerly called burma.	myanmar was formerly known as burma. 	5
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.	alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima. 	0
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 	3.8
these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child	human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers. 	4.2
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.	general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 	2.4
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.	alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 	3.6
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 	3.8
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.	south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 	2
russia is a member of the nsg.	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 	2.2
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.	anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 	4.6
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.	the deal has been in process for several years. 	0.6
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.	adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 	3.2
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.	french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 	4
the drug has been around in other forms for years.	no other drug has become as integral in decades. 	2
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.	the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 	3.4
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.	beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 	3.8
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 	4.2
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.	there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 	3.2
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 	5
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.	police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 	1.8
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.	2 of the individuals arrested were released. 	1.6
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 	4.6
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.	berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 	1.8
the osce meeting was held in madrid.	the osce meeting lasted two days. 	1.8
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 	4.8
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 	4.4
china is an important force for promoting world development.	china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 	3.4
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.	north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 	4.4
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.	a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 	1.2
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.	kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 	3.8
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	3.8
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.	john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 	1.4
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.	the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 	4
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.	kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 	4.4
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.	south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 	1.4
western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.	kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 	3.4
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.	russia ratified the amended treaty. 	3.4
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 	3.4
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 	3
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	3.8
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 	4.4
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.	a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 	3.4
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on	north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 	4
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.	abuja is the capital of 	0.8
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.	the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 	4.6
abuja is the capital of	tirana is the capital of 	1
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.	in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 	3.2
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 	3.6
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 	4.2
north korea is a reclusive state.	china is north korea's closest ally. 	1.2
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.	libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	4.2
it presents a major threat to global security.	goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 	3.6
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.	cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 	2
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.	activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 	4.2
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.	restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 	3.8
khoramabad is a city in western iran.	zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 	1.2
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.	detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 	3.25
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.	existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 	4.2
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.	the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 	2.4
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.	myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 	4.6
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.	jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 	4.4
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.	france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 	1.8
capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 	3.2
bae systems is the uk's largest military	bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 	3.4
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.	lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 	2.8
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.	additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 	3.8
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.	withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 	3.4
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.	fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 	1.8
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.	government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 	2.8
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.	president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies. 	3.2
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.	turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 	1.8
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 	3.4
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.	syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 	5
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.	amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 	1.4
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.	the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 	2.2
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.	the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 	5
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.	shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 	0.6
lima is the capital of	paris is the capital of france. 	0.6
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.	an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 	3.4
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.	russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	4.6
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.	the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 	1.8
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.	china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 	4.2
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.	the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 	2.6
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.	arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 	2.8
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.	the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 	4.8
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.	zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 	4.4
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.	non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 	4
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 	4.2
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.	estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 	3.8
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.	britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 	3.2
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.	opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 	3.4
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.	wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 	3
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.	the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 	3.4
many of the people executed are hanged in public.	many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 	3.4
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 	3.8
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.	the cfe is very important for european security. 	5
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.	indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 	5
the iaea report is restricted.	the matter is delicate. 	0
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.	last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 	2.4
the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.	the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 	3.6
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.	indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 	2
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.	the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 	4.2
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.	myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 	3.75
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 	4
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.	india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 	3
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.	the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 	3.6
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption. 	1.8
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 	4.8
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.	the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 	3.2
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 	3.8
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 	5
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 	3.2
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member	the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 	3.8
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.	bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 	1
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.	elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 	4
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.	the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 	2.2
the treat was originally signed in 1990.	the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 	3.2
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.	the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 	4
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 	3.8
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).	13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 	2.6
the osce meeting lasted two days.	the meetings lasted 2 days. 	3.4
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 	1.4
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.	the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 	3.2
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.	hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 	5
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.	the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 	1
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.	the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 	5
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.	the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 	5
it presents a major threat to global security.	it is a serious threat to international security. 	4.2
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 	2.4
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 	4.2
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.	dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 	2.6
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.	a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 	3.4
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 	3.6
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.	many of the attacks originated abroad. 	1.8
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.	police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 	1.4
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.	if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 	3.6
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.	egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 	4
france is a leader in the european space agency.	russia already participates in the european space agency's 	1.2
myanmar has a military junta.	myanmar is a military state. 	3
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.	it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 	1.8
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.	amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 	3.2
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 	4.2
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 	4
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.	the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 	3.2
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.	the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 	3.4
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?	amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 	3.8
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.	naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 	2.4
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.	29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 	3.4
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.	the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 	2
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.	the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 	3.2
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 	3.4
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.	illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. 	3.2
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.	n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 	3.4
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.	elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 	4.6
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.	drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 	1.6
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 	5
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.	wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 	4.8
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.	united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 	1.2
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.	7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 	4.6
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 	2.8
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.	the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 	3.4
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.	van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 	2.6
bam is a city in southeastern	zahedan is a city in southeastern 	1.8
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.	president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 	4.4
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.	china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 	4
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.	brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 	3.8
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 	1.6
the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.	variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 	3.6
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.	indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 	3.6
the killers escaped.	the iaea report is restricted. 	0
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 	2.2
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.	sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 	3.6
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.	the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 	1.2
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.	nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 	4.2
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.	blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 	3.4
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 	0
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.	the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 	3.8
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.	physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 	4.4
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 	3.4
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.	the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 	3
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.	santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 	4
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.	do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 	0.8
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 	4
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 	5
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.	government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 	1
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 	5
russia ratified the amended treaty.	russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 	5
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.	the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 	2.2
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.	elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 	4.8
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 	1.8
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.	chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 	2.2
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 	2.6
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.	cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 	4.4
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.	if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 	1.2
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.	the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 	4.8
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.	88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 	3.8
iran is an islamic republic .	sharia is islamic law. 	1.2
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.	a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 	3
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.	in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 	4.6
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.	according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 	3.2
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.	naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 	0.2
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 	4.8
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.	it will be hosted by the australian government. 	0
p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.	the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 	3.6
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its	in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 	4.2
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 	2.6
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.	the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 	3.8
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.	the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 	3.8
france is a leader in the european space agency.	ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 	1.6
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.	the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 	3.2
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 	3.2
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.	iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 	3
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.	tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 	2.6
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 	1
the western governments include the united states and france.	the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 	0.4
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.	the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 	1
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.	a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 	4.2
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.	putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 	3.6
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.	ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 	3.4
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	3.6
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.	the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 	0.8
paris is the capital of france.	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 	0.4
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.	an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 	1.4
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.	china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 	2.4
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.	japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 	1.2
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.	the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 	3.2
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.	some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 	3.6
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.	iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 	4
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.	a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 	2.2
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 	2.6
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.	the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail. 	2.2
the meetings lasted 2 days.	the meeting was 3 days long. 	2.8
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 	3.6
china is a permanent member of the un security	china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 	3
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.	north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 	2
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.	australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 	3.4
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 	3
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.	the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 	2.6
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.	the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 	3
israel remains outside the treaty.	india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 	2
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.	china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 	0
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 	4.4
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.	this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 	0.4
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.	iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 	3.6
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.	a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 	0.6
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.	both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 	1.8
it is a serious threat to international security.	russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 	1.8
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.	the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 	3
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.	at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 	3.4
the international atomic energy agency is based in	the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 	1.2
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.	the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 	0
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 	1.4
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.	russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 	2
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 	3.6
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 	4
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 	3.2
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.	lugar and nunn are senators. 	1.8
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.	officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 	4
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.	signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 	3
in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.	in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 	3.6
leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.	after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 	3.2
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.	the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 	3.6
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.	the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 	2
there is much work to be done.	there is much concern over the drug. 	0.4
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.	the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar. 	3
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 	3
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 	3.4
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.	the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 	3
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	2.6
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.	indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 	1.8
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 	3.8
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.	3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 	2.4
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.	6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 	0.8
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.	this further aggravated the situation. 	2
