Two dogs play with purple football.	A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	4.40
a boat floats in the water.	a bird lands in the water.	0.60
The three children are standing on and by a fence.	Three children stand on or near a fence.	4.60
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.	A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	4.80
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.	A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	0.40
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.	A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	0.00
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	4.60
Two grey dogs running in green grass.	Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	4.60
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.	A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs play in the grass.	2.80
A dog running through the woods.	A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	4.00
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	The two dogs are running on the grass.	4.40
Two dogs running through a grassy field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field	5.00
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.	The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	0.00
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.	Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	4.80
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.	A young girl holds up a peace sign.	0.60
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.	A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	0.60
The crouching man is holding a large camera.	A man crouching and holding a camera.	4.60
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	2.60
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.	A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	0.60
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.	A dog swims through the water.	1.40
A dog jumps through a hoop.	German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	3.20
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.	A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	4.00
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	2.40
A person is diving into clear blue water.	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	0.00
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.	The two boys play in the field.	0.00
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.	The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	1.80
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.	A group of people standing in the street	2.60
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.	A dog runs on brown grass.	2.20
Three dogs run in the snow.	The two dogs are running through the grass.	2.20
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	4.60
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.	A man eating an apple, sitting in public.	5.00
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.	A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	4.00
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	boy doing tricks on a skateboard	4.80
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground	two young girls hug each other in the grass.	4.60
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.	Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	4.60
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	4.80
A bird flies above the water.	A bird flies across the water.	4.80
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.	A dog is running through a pond	1.40
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	2.60
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.	A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	1.20
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	A man and a woman watch two dogs.	0.40
A man jumps off a rock into the water	A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	1.33
A young girl swinging off a tire swing	A young girl going down a tube slide.	1.80
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.	Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	2.60
A group of people ride in a race	A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	0.80
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.	A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.	4.00
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	2.40
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	4.80
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	0.40
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.	A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	3.80
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	2.60
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole	A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	3.00
Two dogs running through a grassy field.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	4.80
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Kids playing ball in the park.	0.60
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.	A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	1.60
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.	A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	0.20
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.	Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	4.60
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.	2.20
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.	The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	4.80
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.	A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	5.00
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.	An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	0.00
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.	Smiling man with reflective classes.	4.60
Five people on a sidewalk.	five people standing on a sidewalk	4.80
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.	Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	1.20
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.	The white dog runs across the snow.	1.40
Two dogs are playing in the snow.	A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	1.20
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	0.60
A woman picking up a large rock.	A man picking up a big rock.	2.40
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.	A white and brown dog is running over grass.	4.60
A dog runs through a field.	The dog is running through a field.	4.80
a white dog runs across the water.	A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	2.80
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.	Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	0.00
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.	A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.	3.40
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.	A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	0.00
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.	Two large dogs running in some grass.	4.20
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	2.60
A man who is resting his head on his hand.	A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	2.20
The boy is jumping into a lake.	A young boy jumping into a lake.	4.60
A woman plays with a brown dog.	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	2.33
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.	A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	2.00
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.	a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	3.60
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.	A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	3.40
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.	A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	2.60
A man and woman sit on a park bench.	A man and a woman on a bench.	3.60
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	3.00
The man is up in the air.	The man is jumping into the water.	2.40
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.	A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	2.40
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	1.20
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house	A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	4.80
A person riding a dirt bike.	A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing by the shore.	2.80
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	0.00
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.	A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	2.60
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.	The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	0.80
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.	Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	2.20
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.	A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	0.00
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	5.00
A black poodle frolics in the snow.	A black poodle plays in the snow.	5.00
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.	two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	1.40
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.	Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	3.20
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.	A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	1.60
Two dogs standing in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	2.40
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	4.80
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.	a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	0.60
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.	A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	5.00
The white dog runs through the ocean.	The tan dog runs through the leaves.	1.80
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.	A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	0.00
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	3.00
A deer jumping over a fence.	A deer jumps a fence.	5.00
A little girl swimming in a pool.	A little girl holds a wooden stick.	2.20
A dog walks through the snow.	A black dog jumps through the water.	2.40
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.	A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	4.20
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.	a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	3.40
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.	A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	0.00
Three children playing on the floor.	Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	3.80
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.	A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	3.40
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.	A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	0.00
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.	A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	1.00
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	0.00
A black dog is running through some water.	A black dog running through water.	4.80
A man is sledding on an orange slide.	Children jumping on a trampoline.	0.00
A brown dog is running in a field.	A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	3.00
A man practices boxing	A man practicing boxing	5.00
A dog runs through the snow.	A dog runs through the grass.	2.20
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.	The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	0.40
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.	A skier speeds through the snow.	0.20
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.	Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	5.00
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.	A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	0.80
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.	A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	2.40
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.	The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	0.80
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.	5.00
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.	A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	3.20
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.	A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	4.00
A baseball player hitting the ball	A softball player swinging at a pitch.	2.80
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow	A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.	1.80
A man is sky surfing on the water.	A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	2.80
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.	A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	4.00
A boy running through green grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	1.00
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	2.00
Two people sitting on a dock.	Two people sit on the end of a dock.	4.20
Two dogs in a stream.	Two dogs in a yard.	2.00
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.	A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	2.20
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.	The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	4.00
A small white dog running	A small white dog running across a lawn.	3.20
The big white dog is running in the grass.	The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	3.40
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.	A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	2.00
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.	A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	4.00
A girl is playing on a swing.	A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	0.40
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	4.60
A brown dog running through the grass.	two big brown dogs running through the snow.	2.00
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	1.20
A child holds a yellow balloon.	A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	4.00
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.	Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	0.17
The black dog is running through the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	4.80
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	0.00
A child runs through the grass.	A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	0.20
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue	Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	3.80
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.	A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	4.00
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.	A girl in orange lights a candle.	4.00
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.	A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	1.60
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.	An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	2.20
A dog shaking water off.	A dog shaking off water.	5.00
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.	Young boys running along the pavement.	0.50
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.	A young child slides down an orange slide.	3.67
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.	a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	1.60
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	4.40
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	4.60
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.	A black and white dog swimming in clear water.	4.20
The man is going into the water.	Two racing dogs run in the mud.	0.00
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.	A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	3.20
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	5.00
A black and white dog is running through grass.	Black and white dog running through water.	2.60
A brown and white dog running on grass.	A dog is running toward the camera.	0.80
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.	Three dogs running in the dirt.	1.40
The girl is on a swing.	a boy swinging on a swing.	2.40
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.	A group of youngsters swim in lake water	4.40
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.	A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	0.00
A dog laying in the snow.	two dogs running in the snow	2.20
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.	A golden dog is running through the snow.	1.40
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.	A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	3.80
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.	A skateboarder on a city street.	2.60
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.	Four children on stools in a diner.	3.60
A boy and a dog running on grass	Boy and white dog running in grassy field	4.40
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.	A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	2.20
Two white dogs are running together.	Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	2.20
Two boys are playing flag football.	Two boys playing a game of flag football.	5.00
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.	The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	2.80
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.	The man in the backpack looks to his left.	3.80
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.	An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	0.00
Two dogs are shaking water off.	Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	0.40
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.	The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	1.80
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.	A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	3.80
A girl dances like a man in costume	A girl bounces in a bounce house.	1.20
A brown dog runs through the grass.	A brown dog running through the woods.	3.20
A group of people stand and wait to see something.	A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	3.40
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.	A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	4.40
Three ice skaters round a corner.	Three people racing on ice skates.	3.20
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.	One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.	4.80
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.	Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	4.80
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.	Two men on the side of a barge	0.00
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.	A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	1.80
A brown dog runs through the grass.	A brown dog in running on grass.	4.80
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	4.00
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.	A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	0.40
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.	A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	3.60
A child is playing with two white and black geese.	Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	0.60
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.	Two people are walking by the ocean.	0.40
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.	Two little girls in pink are dancing.	0.00
Two dolphins jumping into the water.	Two children splashing in the water.	1.40
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.	A dog is on the beach near a ball.	0.60
Two dogs bound across the grass.	A dog bounds across the brown grass.	2.60
A woman and three kids play at a park.	a woman playing with two young boys at a park	3.20
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.	A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	2.40
The boy is playing in the sand.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	0.80
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.	A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	0.40
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	3.00
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	0.20
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.	Three children playing on a floor with toys.	4.20
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.	A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	4.20
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.	A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	0.00
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	A black dog is running through the snow.	4.00
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.	A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	1.40
A skier is falling face first into the snow.	A skier is falling into the snow.	4.00
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	2.20
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.	Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	4.80
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.	Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	0.40
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.	Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	1.60
A crowd of people at an outdoor event	A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	2.40
Two dogs play in a field.	Two dogs running through a field.	4.20
A man and a woman standing on a city street.	A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	0.40
Two dogs are playing on the grass.	The two dogs are playing in the yard.	4.60
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	2.80
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	4.60
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.	A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	4.60
A dog leaps over the hurdle.	A dog leaping over a hurdle.	4.80
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.	Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	0.00
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	0.00
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.	A man and woman blow bubbles.	4.20
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.	A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	2.20
Two black dogs in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	4.00
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.	a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	3.20
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.	A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	4.00
A couple walking down the street.	a group of old men walking down the street	2.00
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.	Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	2.20
A black and white dog is running in the grass.	A black and white dog is running through the field.	4.80
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.	A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	0.40
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.	An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	2.00
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.	A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	0.40
A group of young ladies in bikinis.	A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	1.40
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	0.00
A man and a woman resting after exercise.	A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	1.20
two girls walking in the street	Two girls walking in the ocean.	1.80
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track	The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	4.00
A man dances on a colorful wall.	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	0.40
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.	A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	4.60
The white dog is running along the beach.	A white dog runs on a beach.	5.00
Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	3.40
A man is holding onto handles in the air.	A man holds on to a handle in the water.	3.20
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.	four children are playing on a trampoline.	4.60
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.	A white dog walking in the snow.	3.00
Three dogs are running on the grass.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	3.20
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	3.80
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.	Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	3.80
Three dogs run in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	1.40
Two kids playing with a dog.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	1.20
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.	A girl does a back bend on the beach.	4.80
A man is kayaking in rough waters.	Boat sails in rough water.	2.60
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	2.20
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	1.80
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.	Two surfers on riding a small wave.	3.60
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	5.00
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	1.60
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.	two puppies playing around in the grass	4.00
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap	A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	4.80
A black and white dog swims in blue water.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	2.20
A black dog running through water.	A black dog running into the water.	4.60
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.	A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	4.80
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	5.00
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.	Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	0.00
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	4.80
Four dogs splashing in the water	Brown dog splashing into the water.	2.40
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.	The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	1.00
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.	A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	3.80
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.	The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	2.60
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	2.80
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.	A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	0.00
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.	Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	0.00
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.	A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	0.00
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.	a man and woman walking past a record shop	0.20
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.	The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	2.40
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels	Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	3.80
A young girl standing in front of a fountain	A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	4.00
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign	A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	0.00
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well	a man plays his white guitar.	3.20
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	0.00
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.	Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	2.40
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.	Close-up of a hummingbird.	3.60
Two tan dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs play in the grass.	2.60
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	0.80
Three children playing on the floor.	Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	3.80
A dog swimming in a pond	A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	0.00
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman looking at the camera.	2.33
A dog is jumping into the water.	a dog jumps into the water.	5.00
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.	a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	3.60
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.	Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	5.00
A young boy riding in a swing.	A boy riding on a swing.	4.80
A black dog runs through the water.	A black dog running through the snow.	2.40
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.	A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	0.00
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.	Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	4.80
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.	A black dog walking beside a pool.	5.00
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.	A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	0.00
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.	The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	0.00
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.	A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	1.80
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.	A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	3.60
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.	A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	3.60
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	4.60
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.	Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	0.00
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.	Large group of people standing outside of a building.	2.00
The large beige dog is running through the grass.	A golden dog is running on the grass.	3.40
a dog runs across the grass.	A dog runs through the grass.	4.80
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.	a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	3.40
a man doing a trick on skateboard	Man rowing a boat.	0.00
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.	Three dogs running on a racetrack.	4.80
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.	A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	0.80
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	3.40
A dog running through a lot of twigs.	A dog running through a forest in the winter time	3.20
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.	The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	0.40
A puppy running along a street.	Many people run in a race on a street.	1.00
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs in the snow	2.40
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.	A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	1.00
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.	Two white dogs walking in the snow.	2.00
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.	A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	2.40
Two dogs run through the brush.	A dog runs through the grass.	2.80
Three dogs run in the snow.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	4.20
A dog running through the water.	A dog running across the sand	2.80
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.	The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	0.20
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.	A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	0.00
A black man and his dog on the beach.	The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	0.60
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	4.60
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.	A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	4.40
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.	The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	4.60
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	4.20
Two dogs running in a field.	Two dogs are running in the field.	5.00
Two boxers are in the ring.	Two people are in bed.	0.00
A dog walks on the beach.	Two dogs on the beach.	2.40
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.	A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	1.00
Two dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	3.20
A group of people ride in a race	A group of people are in the water.	0.60
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.	The dog is running with food in his mouth.	2.20
two dogs running on the beach	Two dogs running down a beach.	4.80
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.	A black and white dog swimming in the pool	2.00
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.	Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	1.60
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.	A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	3.80
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.	A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	5.00
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.	A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	0.40
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head	A child with his hands on his head.	4.20
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.	A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	1.80
Kids play in the water	A black dog lays in the sand.	0.00
A pale dog runs down a path.	A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	3.40
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	1.20
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.	A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	1.40
The man helps the boy ride a bike.	A man helps a boy ride a bike.	4.80
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.	A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	0.00
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.	A man climbing a cliff face.	4.80
The dogs play in the snow.	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	4.00
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.	Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	0.60
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.	A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	3.40
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.	Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	2.00
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.	Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	3.00
A man is playing baseball.	A boy plays baseball.	3.00
A white dog running over a bridge.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	2.00
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.	A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	0.00
A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A black dog retrieves in the snow.	0.00
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.	A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	3.20
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	0.20
A dog is jumping in the snow.	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	3.20
Two dogs running along dirt path.	A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	1.60
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.	A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	3.40
Two brown dogs running through water.	Two brown dogs runs through the water.	4.60
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop	A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	4.40
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	4.80
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.	Two brown dogs are biting each other.	4.20
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.	A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	4.00
a young girl wearing purple running through water	A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	2.80
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.	A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	0.80
A black dog is shaking off water.	A black dog is jumping out of water.	3.00
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.	A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	1.40
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.	A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	4.20
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.	A black dog is running through the snow.	2.20
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.	a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	3.40
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.	A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	0.40
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy	A young boy is riding a bike.	0.40
A black dog running on a beach.	A black dog running in the snow.	1.80
Two dogs drink water in a lake.	Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	1.00
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.	A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	0.20
A man is climbing a rock wall.	A man climbing a rock-face.	4.60
a young child running along the shore at a beach	A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	1.80
A woman is playing volley ball.	Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	2.00
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	2.60
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.	Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	2.40
A girl playing on a parachute.	A dog standing in the water.	0.40
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.	A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	0.00
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	4.00
a group of surfers catching a wave	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	2.60
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.	The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	4.20
A tan and white dog runs through water.	Black and white dog running through water.	3.00
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.	A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	1.40
Three women in brightly colored dresses.	Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	2.00
a black dog digging through the snow.	a black dog swimming through a river.	1.20
two tan dogs play in the grass	Two beige dogs play in the grass.	4.60
Two dogs are running through a green yard	Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	4.20
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman are smiling.	3.20
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.	A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	4.80
Two little boys are playing on a playground.	Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	1.40
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.	Two girls are jumping high in the air.	0.20
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette	The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	4.80
A brown dog is running in the grass.	A dog is running along the grass.	4.20
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	1.00
A dog digs a hole in a yard.	A dog and a red ball in the air.	1.00
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.	A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	0.00
The dog is running on grass.	Brown dog running on grass.	4.00
a dog trots through the grass.	A dog jogs through the grass.	5.00
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.	Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	0.00
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.	A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	2.20
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.	Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	3.20
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.	A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	0.00
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.	A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	1.40
Man sleeping on the street.	Child sliding in the snow.	0.00
Three dogs swim in the water.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	4.20
A white dog runs on the sand.	A white dog running on sand.	5.00
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.	A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	0.20
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.	a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	1.40
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water	A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	2.20
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.	A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.	4.00
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.	A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	0.60
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.	A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	0.80
Three dogs swim in the water.	A dog swims in the water.	3.20
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.	Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	1.40
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.	A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	4.60
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.	A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	0.00
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.	A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	0.00
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.	The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	2.80
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.	A person holding a net is standing in the water.	0.60
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.	A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	0.40
A tan dog is walking through snow.	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	2.00
A man walks two dogs in the city.	a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	4.20
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.	A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	3.00
Two dogs running in the dirt	A dog is running in the snow.	2.20
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.	A small boy playing in the snow.	1.60
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.	A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	3.00
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.	A dog and cat laying down together.	0.60
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.	A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	3.20
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.	A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	0.00
The dogs are running in the snow.	a white dog running in the snow	3.20
A dog lays down in the long green grass.	a dog runs through the long grass.	2.60
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.	The black dog is running through the snow.	0.00
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.	A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	4.40
A group of girls on a beach.	A group of people sitting around a desk.	0.60
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Three dogs are running in a field.	2.80
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.	A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	0.40
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	1.20
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A white dog running through the snow	1.40
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.	A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	0.60
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.	A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	1.20
A man on a bike does a very high jump.	A man on a bike nest to a river.	1.20
Two dogs are running on the grass.	A dog running on the grass	2.60
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.	There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	5.00
A brown dog is laying in the snow.	A skier going down the snowy hill.	0.40
Two dogs running in the dirt	Two dogs are running on the grass.	3.60
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.	A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	0.60
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.	Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	3.40
A dog rolls on the ground.	Many football players sitting on the ground.	0.00
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	0.80
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	0.00
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.	A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	2.20
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.	A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	4.80
A surfer does a flip on a wave.	The surfer does a flip off of a wave.	4.80
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling	A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	3.00
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.	A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	2.00
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.	A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	2.40
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.	three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	4.20
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.	The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	0.20
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	2.20
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.	A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	0.80
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.	Boy lies on stomach in grass.	4.40
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	3.20
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	1.00
A bird sits in a leafless tree.	A bird sits in a tree.	3.80
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.	A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	4.00
A dog jumps over a hurdle.	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	0.80
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.	A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	0.60
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.	A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	3.20
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.	A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.	0.00
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.	A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	0.00
Two dogs in snow.	A dog in the snow.	3.00
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	2.00
A Dalmation runs along a beach.	Dalmation running along the beach.	4.80
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.	a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	3.40
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.	The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	0.00
A dog runs in the snow.	A dog running through snow.	5.00
A dog runs across the grassy field.	Four black dogs run across the grass.	2.00
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.	A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	3.60
A dog chases another by a tree.	A brown dog is walking on the grass.	1.20
A boy is rock climbing.	A girl is jumping.	0.60
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach	A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	4.60
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting	A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	4.00
A beagle walks along the calm shore.	The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	4.40
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.	A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	0.00
A black and white dog is running through grass.	The black and white dog runs through the grass.	5.00
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.	Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	0.00
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	3.20
Three children playing in hay	Three children playing in snow.	2.40
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	3.00
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.	Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	3.40
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.	The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	2.40
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.	A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	4.60
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	3.60
A boy with a metal colander on his head.	A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	4.20
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A brown dog is running through the field.	4.00
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	2.20
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.	A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	3.80
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.	This dog is jumping through the water.	2.20
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.	Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	0.00
A man and a woman kiss.	A man and a woman laughing.	1.20
A white and brown dog runs in a field.	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	2.83
Children play in a pool while adults look on.	Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	4.60
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.	A dog is standing in the sand.	2.00
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	4.00
Two dogs play together on the bed.	Two kids splashing in the water.	0.00
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	4.80
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.	The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	4.60
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.	A woman reads while on public transportation.	1.60
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.	A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	1.80
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.	A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	2.20
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.	The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	3.80
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	4.40
A person above their surfboard on the water.	A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	3.00
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.	A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	4.00
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	0.60
Three dogs race in the snow together.	The dog returns the play toy to its master.	1.00
Two girls jump out of swings.	Two females jump off of swings.	4.60
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.	A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	0.60
A white dog running on the beach.	Two dogs running on the shore.	2.40
A shirtless man catches a football	A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	4.40
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	0.80
A girl poses with her head upside down.	a young girl smiling with her head upside down	4.60
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.	Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.	2.80
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.	A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	0.40
A man jumps while on a snowboard.	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	0.80
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.	The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	0.60
Four dogs playing in the snow.	Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	0.00
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.	A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	4.40
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.	A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	2.80
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	0.00
The black dog is running through the grass.	The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	3.80
Two dogs playing in grass.	Two dogs playing in snow.	2.40
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.	One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.	4.80
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.	A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.	3.40
A black dog digs in the snow.	Two black dogs playing in the snow.	3.40
A dog leaping over a chain.	A dog jumps over a chain.	5.00
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.	A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	4.60
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.	A black and a yellow dog	2.20
Several children playing in a ball pit.	Three children in a ball pit.	3.40
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.	A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	3.60
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool	A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	4.80
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.	A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	0.00
A brown dog is running though a river.	A brown dog is running through green grass.	2.40
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.	A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	3.40
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	3.40
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.	A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.	2.80
Two black dogs walking through the snow.	A black dog walking through water.	2.40
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.	A black dog is running in snow.	1.80
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.	A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	1.60
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.	Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	4.60
The woman is skating in the park.	A woman is sitting in the water.	0.80
A dog splashes in the murky water.	A brown dog wades in the water.	3.60
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach	A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	2.20
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.	One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	2.80
A hockey player during a game.	A hockey player looks intently downward.	2.00
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd	A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	1.80
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	4.20
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.	A person on a snowmobile.	3.60
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.	Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	4.50
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.	The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	0.80
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.	This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	0.40
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.	Two brown dogs running together on sand	4.60
A black poodle is running in the snow.	A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	1.40
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.	Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	3.00
A brown dog digs in the sand.	A dog digging in the sand.	4.20
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	3.80
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	0.40
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.	Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	0.00
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.	A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	4.60
A man on a bike in mid-air	A person on a bmx bike.	3.00
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through tall grass.	4.60
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.	Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	1.00
A large group of people have formed a line outside.	A group of people standing outside of a building.	3.20
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.	A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	0.00
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	1.60
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.	Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	4.60
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.	a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	4.80
A black and white dog playing in the sand.	A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	1.80
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.	A boy waves around a sparkler.	4.40
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two black dogs playing in the grass.	4.20
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	2.60
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.	Two boys are jumping into a pool.	4.20
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.	Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	4.00
A man and two women dressed in costumes.	One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	3.40
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.	Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	2.40
Two dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs playing in snow.	5.00
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.	A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	0.40
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.	A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	4.60
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.	A woman holding a newspaper.	0.00
A group of guys play instruments outside.	A group of men playing brass instruments.	3.40
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.	Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	0.00
A snowboarder flies through the air.	a snowboarder jumps into the air.	4.00
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	0.60
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.	A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	0.40
Three boys playing soccer in a field	Kids play soccer on a field.	4.20
A group of men play a college football game.	A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	1.40
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.	A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	2.80
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.	A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	3.60
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.	One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	3.40
Two dogs playing in a yard.	Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	3.00
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.	An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	2.40
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.	A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	0.00
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.	A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	4.40
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.	Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	2.80
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.	a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	4.40
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.	A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	0.60
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.	A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	4.60
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.	A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	1.80
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.	A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	4.00
A dog pants while standing in the woods.	A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	1.40
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.	A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	1.00
The brown and white dogs run through the field.	The tan and white dog is running in the field.	3.40
Two poodles are running through the snow.	Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	0.80
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.	A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.	4.00
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	5.00
A girls is jumping in the sand.	Dog is jumping down a ramp.	1.20
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.	The dog plays in the park.	3.20
A little girl on a kid swing.	Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	0.80
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.	Two birds interacting in the grass	0.20
Four dogs playing in the snow.	Four dogs stand in the snow.	3.60
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.	Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	3.40
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.	Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	3.40
a man running track	A man running on a track.	5.00
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.	Two children in a field of red flowers.	4.80
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.	A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	4.00
A black dog is running in the grass.	A small black dog is in the grass.	3.60
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.	A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	1.00
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.	A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	0.00
A child and parent pet a horse.	Children play fight with swords.	0.00
A dog is running through the ocean.	A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	1.40
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.	A man is skating down a set of stairs.	0.80
Cars racing on a dirt track	Three dogs racing on a dirt track	1.40
Two men walking past a mural of a car.	Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	1.20
A brown dog squating on grass.	A brown dog chases a Frisbee	1.60
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.	A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	0.00
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.	Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	5.00
Three dogs run through a field.	A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	2.80
Two puppies play in the grass	two puppies playing around in the grass	5.00
A dog runs through the grass.	A light-colored dog runs through the grass.	4.00
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.	Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	1.00
A black dog running through water.	Three dogs running through water.	1.00
A woman is walking with a red bag.	A woman sits alone against a brick wall	1.20
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.	A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	0.00
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.	A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	2.60
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.	A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	0.80
Two dogs playing on the shore.	The dogs are playing in the snow.	1.80
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.	A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	0.80
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.	A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	3.80
A dog running on the beach	A brown dog sits on the beach.	2.00
The scuba diver is underwater.	Scuba diver submerged in water.	5.00
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.	The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	1.80
Four dogs playing in the snow.	A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	2.60
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.	A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	0.80
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.	Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	2.80
A dog is biting a mop.	A dog in in a car.	1.00
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.	Child holding an object that is on fire.	4.00
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	1.20
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	2.40
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.	a young boy climbing on a rock wall	0.00
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	A black and white dog is running on the beach.	1.80
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	3.40
A person skiing down a snowy hill.	Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	4.20
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	4.60
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.	A child and two dogs play in the water.	2.20
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.	A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	2.20
People ride up an escalator.	People are standing on an escalator moving up.	4.60
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe	A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	4.20
The brown dog is running across the sand.	The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	1.40
A dog jumps off the stairs.	A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	0.80
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.	Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	0.20
A man walking a large black horse.	A man blowing a large bubble.	0.00
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.	Two people sit on a dock near the water.	3.80
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.	Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	1.80
A black and white dog swims in blue water.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.	1.40
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.	Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	4.60
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.	A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	1.40
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.	The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	3.40
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back	The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	0.00
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.	A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	0.00
Boy and girl running along the beach.	A dog running along the beach.	1.40
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.	A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	4.60
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.	A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	3.20
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	3.20
A woman is riding her bicycle.	A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	0.50
Some kids play in a field.	Three dogs play in a grassy field.	1.20
a small dog steps onto a log.	A small white dog climbs over a log.	2.80
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.	A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	3.00
A surfer is riding a wave.	A surfer on a wave.	4.40
Two dogs play in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	3.80
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.	The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	2.40
Dogs in a race.	Two men in a running contest.	1.00
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	2.60
Black and brown dog runs through field.	A black and white dog runs through the water.	2.00
Two children walking down a path in the woods.	Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	5.00
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	3.40
a dog runs across the land.	A woman runs on the beach.	1.80
Two dogs running on grass.	Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	4.40
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	5.00
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.	A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	0.40
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.	A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	2.40
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.	Two people are walking through some water.	1.20
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.	A girl is running on a desert path.	0.80
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.	A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	1.60
A dog splashes in the murky water.	A dog splashing in the water.	4.00
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.	A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	5.00
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	1.00
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.	The dog is in the air above the grass.	1.00
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	3.80
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.	A black dog is running through some water.	0.00
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	2.00
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.	Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	4.80
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.	The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	0.60
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.	A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	4.40
A classroom of students watching a presentation.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	0.00
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.	A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	0.60
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.	A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	0.00
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.	A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	0.00
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	2.00
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.	A young girl running on the beach.	4.20
The basketball player holds the ball.	A baseball player throws the ball.	1.60
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	A man is swinging on a rope over water.	3.00
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	1.00
A deer is jumping over a fence.	A deer jumps a fence.	5.00
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	1.00
