A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	A cat standing on tree branches.	3.6
Two green and white trains on tracks.	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	4.4
A white cat stands on the floor.	A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	2.6
A large boat on the sea.	A large boat in the water at the marina.	3.2
Red double decker bus driving down street.	a bus driving in a street.	4
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.	The lamb is looking at the camera.	0
A passenger train sits in the station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	4.8
Woman at table busy with something.	a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	3.4
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	3.8
A side view of a horse's head.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	3.4
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	2.8
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.	The curious boys look in the shed.	2.8
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey riding a horse.	3.8
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A bull standing in the field.	1.4
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.	The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	4
A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	3.8
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	2.2
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	0
A moped in front of ruins.	A moped in front of steps of ruins.	4.4
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.	A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.	4
Four people eating dessert around a table.	A group of four people in a dinner having cake.	3.8
A black dog standing in a field.	A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	3
A close up view of a bottle of water.	Close up of a bottle of water.	4.4
A close up of an ostrich face.	A close up of a brown faced cat.	0.6
A sheep grazing in a field.	sheep standing in afield.	3.2
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	2.6
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.	A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	3.6
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.	A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.	2.6
A small white car parked at the gas station.	A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	0.6
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.	A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	0
A white cat looking out of a window.	Two cats are looking at a window.	2.6
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	1.4
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	4.2
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.	A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	0
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.	Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.	0.4
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	The cows feed in the trough.	4
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	2.25
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	1.2
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	4
Black and brown table in living room setting.	A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.	3.2
A brown horse in a green field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	3.8
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	a black and white cow in hay.	4
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.	An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	5
A race care driving along a dirt road.	A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	1
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	A bag of cotton in front of a couch.	0
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.	Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	4.4
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	Three young women standing in a room together.	0.4
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	4
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	1.2
A group of horses grazing in a field.	A group of sheep in a field.	1.6
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.	A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	0
Messy computer desk with two monitors.	Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	3
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.	A man sitting in a cluttered room.	3.2
The tan horse is in the pasture.	Two white cows in a green pasture.	1.4
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.	A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.	3.2
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.	Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	3.8
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	0.4
four people sitting at a table.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	1.8
A red two story bus driving along the street.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	3.8
Two women sitting outside laughing.	A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	3.2
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.	A bird holding on to a metal gate.	3.2
The white ducks are standing on the ground.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	0.6
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	2.2
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.	a woman with a big necklace.	3.4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	1.8
A cruise ship docked at shore.	A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	4.4
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.	Black and white cat lying under bush.	2.4
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.	Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	3.6
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	0.8
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.	A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	0.6
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	0
A cat looking at the camera.	The lamb is looking at the camera.	0.8
A double decker bus on a city street.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	4.2
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	3.6
Large green boat floating on water.l.	Two men on boat floating on the water.	2.4
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.	This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	3.6
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	3.2
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	0.2
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.	A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	2.4
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	0.8
A smiling woman holding a small baby.	A woman holding a small baby.	4
A group of horses grazing in a field.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	4.6
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.	Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	3.4
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	0.4
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	3.4
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	0.6
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	Two Eagles perched on a branch.	3.8
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	3.8
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	2
A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	2.4
Room with several computer monitors.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	3
Several cardinals stand in the snow.	Five birds stand on the snow.	3.8
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.	The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	2
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.	A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.	2.6
A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train in the snow.	2.2
A blackbird sitting on the ground.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	5
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	2
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.	A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	4.2
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	3.8
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.	A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.	0.8
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	0
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.	The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.	2.2
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.	A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	3.6
A little bird floating in the water.	The seagull is floating on the water.	3.6
A white cat stands on the floor.	The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.	0
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.	Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.	4.6
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	0
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	4.4
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.	3.4
A mostly black train on a track.	A black train moves down the tracks.	3
Several sheep grazing in the field.	Five cows are grazing beside the road.	1
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.	Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	3.2
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.	Black and white cows behind a fence.	3.2
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	4
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.	A white animal running through snow covered woods.	3.4
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	4
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	0
A flat screen TV on the floor.	A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.	4
A bicycle in a dining room.	A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.	2.4
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	3.8
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.	The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.	3.4
A train on the train tracks.	Black train on train tracks.	4.1
A train on the train tracks.	Black train on train tracks.	4.1
Young couple sitting on couch.	Young couple sitting on a black couch.	4
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.	A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.	2.8
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	0
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.	Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.	3.6
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	The bald eagle is perched on a rope.	2.6
Young couple sitting on couch.	A couple posing for a picture on a couch.	4
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.	The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.	0
Two cats are looking at a window.	Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	3.8
Red double decker bus with hood up.	Red double decker bus.	3.75
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.	A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	0
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.	A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.	1.8
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.	3.6
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.	A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	1.8
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	4.2
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.	Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.	2
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	1.6
A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	1.2
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.	3.6
A dog sleeping under a table.	a dog napping under a small table.	4.6
A bus drives down a busy road.	Red and white bus driving down road.	3.6
Sail boat sailing on the water.	A boat with four sails is sailing on water.	3.6
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.	Red sports car racing down track.	4.6
Two smiling women holding a baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	3
Small dog sitting next to white wall.	Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	0.8
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.	A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	3.2
A red double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus on side of street.	4.4
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	0.4
Large cruise ship floating on the water.	The seagull is floating on the water.	1.2
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	3
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.	A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.	1.2
A cat looking out of a window.	Gray cat looking out the window.	4
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	4.2
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.	A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	2.8
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	5
four people are on a boat on green water.	Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.	2.8
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	0
A plane in the sky.	Two airplanes in the sky.	2.4
An old train sits idle on the tracks.	A coal train traveling down the tracks.	2
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.	1.4
A passenger train waiting in a station.	An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	4
A passenger jet flies through the air.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	1.8
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera.	4
A man dressed for a race relaxes.	World news headlines displayed on a large screen.	0
Two smiling women holding a baby.	Two women posing with a baby.	4
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.	A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	2
A grey cat laying on a dining table.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	4
People sitting on acouch.	People sitting on the porch.	1.4
A group of horses grazing in a field.	Two horses standing in a pen.	1.6
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.	0
Two trains are traveling on the track.	The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	3.4
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	1
A sheep standing near her children.	A lamb stands near two tiny animals.	1.4
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.	A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.	3.4
A close up of an ostrich face.	a close up head of an ostrich.	4.4
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	2.2
Many sheep standing on a green hill.	Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	0.2
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.	Green and white bird perched on tree branch.	4.2
Sail boat floating on the blue water.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	4.2
Red and white plane flying through the air.	A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	4.2
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	A man in a top hat rides a white horse.	5
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	0.8
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.	A bicycle in front of some ruins.	2.2
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.	a woman with a viking hat on.	4.2
A red and white double decker bus is parked.	Parked white double decker bus.	4.2
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	Red double decker bus on side of street.	3.8
A woman taking her own photo from above.	A woman riding a brown horse.	0.2
A black faced sheep.	A field of black faced sheep.	2.8
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.	Two birds are perched on a metal band.	4
A green bus drives down a road.	A bus drives down a busy road.	3.2
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.	Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.	1.6
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.	4.4
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	0
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	4
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.	A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	1.4
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	0.6
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	3.2
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.	Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	0.2
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.	A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.	0
A girl sitting in a living chair.	Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	0.8
Train gliding on tracks.	Train going down the tracks.	4.6
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.	A young woman dressed in black.	0.2
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	4
four people sitting at a table.	Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	3
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.	2.6
A woman with a white horse.	A plane flying at a distance.	0
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	0.2
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	3.6
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.	4
A large bird is flying through the air.	A passenger train coming into a station.	0
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	3.4
White bus parked in grass in front of building.	A moped in front of ruins.	0.6
People riding horses in a fenced area.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	1.4
Black train idle on the tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	2.2
A white Jeep parked on a street.	A white jeep parked in front of a store.	3.5
Two men talking in front of a plane.	Two women standing in front of tour bus.	0.4
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.	A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.	1.2
The silver train is parked in a station.	Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	2.6
A child sits in a large black leather chair.	A man rides a large black motorbike.	0
People stand outside a bookstore.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	0.8
A plane flying near the sunset.	Plane in mid-flight at sunset.	3.8
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.	0.4
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.	Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.	3.4
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.	A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.	3.4
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.	A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.	3.8
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	3
A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.	3.6
A red, double-decker bus.	Red double decker bus.	5
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.	Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	0.4
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.	A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	1.6
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.	Man standing in front of silver train.	4.4
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.	A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.	5
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	4.2
A small bird perched on an icy branch.	a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.	4.2
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.	2.8
A man riding a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	4
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.	4.2
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.	A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.	2.4
A train traveling down the tracks.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	2.2
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.	0.4
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.	A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.	0.4
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	3.6
Train pulling into a station.	Two red buses driving in front of a garden.	0
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.	Cows grazing in a snow covered field.	3.8
A woman riding a brown horse.	A man riding a white horse.	1.8
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	3.8
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.	This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.	0.6
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	3.2
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.	4
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	0
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.	Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.	3.2
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.	Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.	4.6
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.	A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.	4.2
A dog laying in a pet jacket.	A dog is wearing a gray jacket.	3
A large sheep standing on a hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside.	4
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	3.8
a blue and red airplane while in flight.	Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	4.8
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.	A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.	1
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.	2.2
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	Man standing in front of yellow corvette.	3.2
Three men eating in a kitchen.	Three men posing in a tent.	1.2
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	0
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.	2.8
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.	The small dog protects its owner.	0
Child milking a cow outside.	Children looking a sheep.	0.6
A sheep standing in a forest.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	0.4
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.	A flat screen TV on the floor.	5
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.	2.4
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	0
Two rams stand on snowy ground.	Two sheep stand in a doorway.	1.4
The train sits at the train station.	A train is at a train station.	4.2
A room with four computer monitors in a row.	Room with several computer monitors.	4
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.	A line outside of a bookstore on a street.	0.4
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.	The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.	0
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.	A passenger jet sits on a runway.	1.8
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.	a little girl is laughing at the camera.	0.2
Three men in suits sitting at a table.	Old green bottle sitting on a table.	0.4
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.	Three young women standing in a room together.	3.4
A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.	1.2
The back of a sign with stickers on.	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	3.8
Two horses standing in a pen.	Two white horses staring over a fence.	3
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.	Living room or den with large screen television.	3.2
The white airplane is flying in the sky.	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	0
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	4
Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two women sitting in lawn chairs.	2.6
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	5
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	4.2
A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	4.2
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	3
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	1.6
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.	Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.	0.2
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.	A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.	3
White bus parked in grass in front of building.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	0
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	4.6
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	A red train driving through a snow covered city.	3.2
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.	A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.	0
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	0
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.	A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.	3.4
A passenger plane parked on a runway.	A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.	3.2
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	The headlights on a blue car.	4.2
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	A cat sleeps on purple sheet.	4
A passenger train sits in the station.	A passenger train coming into a station.	2.4
A close-up of a horse.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	1.2
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.	Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.	3
A red and white England bus drives down the street.	A red and white bus drives down an England street.	4.4
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	An airplane facing the camera.	0
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	3.2
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	a jockey riding a horse.	3.8
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.	The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.	3.4
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	4.4
A train is running down the track in a rural area.	A train is running on the tracks.	4
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.	A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.	3.4
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.	Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.	4.4
Birds fly low over water.	The birds are swimming in the water.	1.8
A large black bird is sitting in the water.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	3.2
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black dog looking at the camera.	2
A cruise ship docked at a coast.	A cruise liner docked at a port.	3.2
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	2
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.	A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.	4.8
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	2.2
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.	A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.	3.2
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	A cat reclines on an office chair.	3.8
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	2.6
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	A group of people having a drink.	0
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	0
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	3.4
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	1
The blue train is at the station.	The train sits at the train station.	4
A baby is sitting in the grass.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	0
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	4.4
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.	Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	0
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	2.8
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.	A race horse galloping without a rider.	2.8
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	0.8
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	4.8
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.	A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.	4.2
A yellow bird perched on a branch.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.	3.2
People on motorbikes in a city street.	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	4
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	2.2
A boy looking at a computer screen.	Boy with glasses typing on a computer.	3.2
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.	Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.	4.2
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.	A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	3.2
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.	A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	2.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	3.4
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.	An Esso gas station with trees in the background.	0
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.	Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.	4.2
A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.	0
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Three bottles are on a table.	2.4
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	4.4
A train is at a train station.	A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.	1.4
A train parked at a train station.	A train is at a train station.	4.2
The birds are swimming in the water.	Two white dogs are swimming in the water.	0.8
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.	Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.	3.4
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	0.4
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.	Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.	4.2
Two birds flying near bird feeders.	Two birds flying towards water feeder.	3.6
Horse standing in a field.	Two cows standing in a large field.	1.6
A row of beer bottles on the floor.	Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.	3.4
Two women standing outside of a bus.	Two women sitting outside laughing.	2.4
A group of sheep are on a hill.	A group of sheep grazing on a hill.	4
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.	A man stands in front of a train.	2
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	1
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	4.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	4.8
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	4
Two women standing outside of a bus.	Two women sitting on brown couch.	1
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	3.2
The sheep is standing under the trees.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	0
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	3.8
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.	A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.	2.4
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.	1.6
A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A guy on a white horse.	3.2
Two cows are drinking from a pond.	Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	4.6
Three white sheep in an enclosure.	There are several sheared sheep in a pen.	2.4
a black and white cow standing in the field.	Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.	3.2
A black dog lies on the grass.	The black dog is lying in the grass.	5
An office with multiple desks and green walls.	Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	3.4
Large cruise ship floating on the water.	Large white cruise ship floating on water.	4.6
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.	4.2
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.	A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.	4
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.	A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.	2.2
A cat on its back looking at the camera.	Ten sheep looking at the camera.	1.2
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1.4
A woman with her child.	A black table with white fuzzy chair.	0
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	2.2
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	3.4
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	4.2
Three people preparing to canoe.	Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.	3
A girl riding a brown horse.	A girl riding on a brown and white horse.	3.6
A car parked in front of train tracks.	A mostly black train on a track.	1
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	0
Two eagles are perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	4.2
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.	A backpack standing beside a train.	0
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	A group of people in a living room.	0.8
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.	A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	0
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.	The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	0
A black dog is staring at a sheep.	A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	0
A girl riding a tan horse.	A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	3.8
A woman leading a white horse.	A horse rider is riding a white horse.	3.4
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.	A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.	0
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	3.2
A train on the train tracks.	A long train is on train tracks.	4.2
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.	A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.	3
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.	2.8
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	A very retro living room with a television in it.	0
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	1
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	4.2
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.	a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.	3.4
A girl riding a brown horse.	A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	2.6
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two people sailing a small white sail boat.	4.2
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	A white airplane is parked on the cement.	0.8
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.	A group of peoples posing in fur hats.	0
Several sheep grazing in the field.	Three cows grazing in a field.	0.8
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.	A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.	2.6
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.	The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	4.8
A grey cat laying on a dining table.	Black domestic cat lying on brown table.	1.4
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.	3
Children looking a sheep.	Four children looking at barn animals.	3.2
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.	1.8
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	3.2
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	3.8
Red double decker bus with hood up.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	2.2
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.	The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.	3.8
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.	A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.	0
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.	Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.	2.6
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.	Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.	2
A mostly black train on a track.	A multi-colored train on a track.	2.8
The red bus is on the street.	A white and red bus traveling on the street.	2.2
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	3.2
a boat moving in a river.	Small boat going down a creek.	3
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	3
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	2.8
A large boat pulling a small white boat.	Two goats standing in a field by a tree.	0
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.	A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.	0
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.	A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.	3
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.	Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.	3.6
The birds are swimming in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.	2.6
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	3.4
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	2.25
A yellow school bus parked in a field.	A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	4
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.	A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	3.2
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.	0
Woolly sheep at auction house.	A sheep standing on a table at auction.	4.2
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a black train engine.	0
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	4
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.	a train rides on his tracks.	3
A wooden yacht on the ocean.	Two men on boat floating on the water.	1.8
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	3.8
A double decker bus drives on a city street.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	4
A cat looking out of a window.	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	2.6
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.	The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.	2.6
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.	A man riding a small bicycle.	2.8
Three goats are chased by a dog.	Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.	4.6
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.	A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.	0.4
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.	0
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.	A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.	3.8
A train traveling down the tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	4
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.	A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.	1
A woman in riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse.	3.8
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.	A black dog standing in a grassy area.	3.4
Three men in suits sitting at a table.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	0
A woman poses with a baby.	Two women posing with a baby.	2.2
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	2.8
a train in a station.	Train in a station.	5
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	4
Blue bird standing on green grass.	A blue bird standing on a lawn.	4.6
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A red double decker bus on a city street.	4.8
The train sits at the train station.	Two trains inside a train station.	2.4
The woman is riding on the brown horse.	A woman equestrian riding a horse.	3.8
An empty office chair in a cubicle.	An empty office cubicle.	3
A woman with a white horse.	A man riding a white horse.	2.2
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	Train going down the tracks.	3.8
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	2.2
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.	2.2
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.	A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.	3.8
A cruise ship docked at a coast.	A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	3.4
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.	A white plane on the runway.	4
Two cows cross a paved street.	Two cows crossing a road intersection.	3.8
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.	Several cows grazing on the median by the road.	4
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.	2.2
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.	0
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	4.2
A double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus driving down street.	3.6
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	3.2
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.	Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	1.2
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.	A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.	1.2
Two women in a clothing store.	Two women shopping at a clothing store.	4.6
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	4.6
A close-up of a yellow school bus.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	0
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.	A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	0
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.	A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.	2.6
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.	A women standing next to a brown cow.	3.8
Two cats are looking at a window.	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	3.6
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.	A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	3.6
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.	Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	3.8
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	3.6
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.	Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.	3.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	A small white cat standing in a sink.	3.6
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.	A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	3.6
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.	The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	4
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	0.4
A computer operating on a desk.	A computer on a desk.	4
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.	A small child smiling at the camera.	1.6
A duck floating in the water.	A little bird floating in the water.	2.4
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	0
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.	A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.	3.8
Small office space with bright green walls.	Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	3.8
A blue train in a mountainous area.	Old blue and white train on tracks.	2.6
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.	Young baby girl sitting on table.	1.6
A green car parked outside the saloon.	A green car parked at a saloon.	5
A yellow boat on shore.	Yellow boat on a beach.	4
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.	4.8
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.	A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	3.4
Trains inside an indoor station.	Train in a station.	3.8
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.	A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.	4
The birds are swimming in the water.	Two ducks are standing by the water.	2.4
Black and white cows behind a fence.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	2.8
Red and white bus driving down road.	Man playing guitar while sitting down.	0
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.	1.4
A double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	4.2
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.	A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.	3.6
Three cows grazing in a field.	Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.	4.6
The white train is sitting on the tracks.	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	2.25
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	0.4
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.	Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.	3.6
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.	1.6
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	2.6
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	0.4
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.	A red, double-decker bus.	3.2
A brown horse in a green field.	A yellow school bus parked in a field.	0
A side view of a horse's head.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	3.2
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.	An elderly man works on his laptop at home.	4.2
A wooden yacht on the ocean.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	3.2
A large sheep standing on a hill.	A sheep standing in a mountainous area.	4.4
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.	A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.	1
A white airplane is on a runway.	A white plane on the runway.	4.8
A tan puppy being held and petted.	A tan puppy being petted.	4.4
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.	0.4
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.	Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	3.8
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	2
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	two motorbikes on a dirt track.	3.6
A man on a bike jumping through the air.	A man jumping his dirt bike.	3.6
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	2.2
A large pile of scrap wood.	A large pile of wooden items piled high.	3.8
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	5
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.	0.2
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.	A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.	2
A girl riding a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	4
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.	1.2
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	3.6
A large black and white cow in a field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	4
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.	A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.	3
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	1.8
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus drives on a city street.	3.6
A small white cat sitting in a sink.	Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.	1.8
A boy feeding a sheep hay.	Boy feeding a sheep.	4.2
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	4
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.	A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.	0
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.	a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	0.8
A sheep stands on a hillside.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	4
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.	A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.	3.6
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	0
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.	A wooden bicycle with an awning.	0
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.	A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	4.5
Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	3
A brown horse stands in tall grass.	Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	2.6
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.	Two men wearing bike helmets.	1.6
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.	3.2
Five birds stand on the snow.	A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.	2.8
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.	A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.	0
Man playing game in a store.	A man playing a video game in a store.	3.4
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	3.6
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	2.4
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	0
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	5
A green bike parked outside a book store.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	4
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	4.4
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.	A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	0.6
A white cat looking out of a window.	Domestic cat looking out window.	3.6
A brown horse in a green field.	Two cows graze in a field.	1.8
A man in a tux on a white horse.	A man in a black uniform on a white horse.	3.6
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.	A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.	2.4
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.	Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.	4
two motorbikes on a dirt track.	Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.	3.4
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	3.2
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	4
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	0.2
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.	Cars driving near a model building.	2.4
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.	A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.	3.4
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	2.6
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.	A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.	0.8
A white cat laying on a sheet.	A white bird flying up onto a tree.	1.2
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	4
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.	A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	0.2
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	3.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	3.2
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	3
A black and white photo of a bicycle.	A black and white photo of a love seat.	1.8
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	4.2
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.	1.4
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.	A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	4.25
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.	Red double decker bus with hood open.	4.2
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.	A laptop computer and a computer monitor.	2.6
A woman leading a white horse.	A man riding a white horse.	1.8
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	3.8
Young couple sitting on a black couch.	An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.	0.8
A white cat laying on a sheet.	A white cat laying on an office chair.	2.4
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.	A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.	0
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.	Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.	4
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.	3
A white train pulling into a station.	A subway train pulling into the station.	3.6
A green bike parked outside a book store.	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	3.8
Two women standing in front of tour bus.	Two men standing on beach.	0
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.	3
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.	Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.	1.4
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.	0.2
Red double decker bus driving down a street.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	4.6
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.	3
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	A gray cat laying on a brown table.	4.2
A motorcycle parked next to a car.	Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.	4.4
A close-up of a horse.	A close-up of a brown horse.	4
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.	Boy laying on couch with dog.	4.4
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	5
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	3.6
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.	A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.	4
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	0
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.	Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.	4
Small office space with bright green walls.	An office with multiple desks and green walls.	4
A man in a tux on a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.	2
A cat looking at the camera.	A small child smiling at the camera.	1.4
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	2.6
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.	photo of a television screen showing a movie.	3.2
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.	A bird perched on a flowerpot.	4.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	White cat sitting inside of a sink.	3.4
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	4.4
Two women in a sailboat.	Two people are sailing a small boat.	3.8
A small bird perched on an icy branch.	A small bird on a tiny branch.	3
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	Two animals sitting on a rock.	1.6
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.	Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	4.2
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.	A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.	4
A passenger train with a yellow engine.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	1.8
Two women sheering a sheep.	Two young women shear a sheep.	4.4
A close-up of a black train engine.	Left side of a silver train engine.	2.2
A young female rider on a brown horse.	The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.	3.8
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	3
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.	Little white lamb with nose to wood.	3.8
A long train is on train tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	2.8
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.	A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.	5
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.	0
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	4.6
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	3.2
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	2.2
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	3.6
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.	A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.	0.2
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	3.75
The woman is riding on the brown horse.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	3.8
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.	A plane being readied for take-off.	3.4
A television with a show on.	A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	0
Four people row a canoe in water.	Four people rowing down a river.	4
A brown horse in a green field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	3.8
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	4.2
Old style bicycle parked on floor.	A white bicycle stands on a floor.	3.4
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	A bird eating from a bird feeder.	3.2
Black bird standing on concrete.	Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	4
Two men talking in front of a small plane.	Two men talking in front of a plane.	4.4
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.	Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.	3.2
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.	3.8
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.	two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.	3.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.	0.8
A train parked at a train station.	The train sits at the train station.	4.6
Couple with newborn baby.	A couple holds a baby.	4.2
Bird eating from a bird feeder.	A small bird eating from the feeder.	4.25
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	3
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	5
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.	A red bird is perched in a tree.	3.2
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.	Two buses parked on a street.	0.4
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	Two animals sitting on a rock.	0
A train on the train tracks.	A train is on the railroad tracks.	4.8
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	Boy lying on couch with small white dog.	4
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.	Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	3
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.	A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.	2.6
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.	3
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.	A small red car on top of a semi truck.	4
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	3.4
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.	A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.	3.4
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.	A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.	3.8
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.	A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.	2.2
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A black and white cow looking through the fence.	1
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.	A television in a messy room with several bookcases.	3.2
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	2.8
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.	A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.	3.8
The cow is grazing in a field.	Two cows standing in a large field.	2.8
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.	A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.	3.4
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	4
House with a red door.	A grey house with a red door.	3.4
Two women in a sailboat.	Two women in a clothing store.	0.8
A woman leading a white horse.	A woman with a white horse.	3.8
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	3.2
A man looking at a red motorcycle.	Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.	4
Older woman holding newborn baby.	Depressed woman sitting on couch.	0
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.	4.2
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.	A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.	0.6
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.	Black and white cows grazing in a pen.	1.6
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.	A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.	0
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	A man stands in front of a train.	3.8
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.	A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	4.6
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.	A boat is on the water near a small plane.	3.4
A domestic animal stands in a pen.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	0.6
a computer on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	4.2
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.	An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.	0
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	0.4
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.	sheep standing in afield.	2.8
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	3.4
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	A black and white photo of a love seat.	3.4
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.	Three women with brown hair are smiling.	2.8
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	1.6
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	4.8
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	0
Blue bird standing on green grass.	Black bird standing on concrete.	1
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	A black and white cow looking through the fence.	0.6
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	1.8
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.	A close-up of a sheep in the grass.	1.8
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	2
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.	4
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.	Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	3.2
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.	A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.	3
Two cows graze in a field.	Three cows grazing in a field.	2.6
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.	A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.	3
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.	A sheep beside a road and a lake.	3
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	0.8
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.	4.4
A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of people having a meal outside.	4.2
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.	A baby holds a ketchup packet.	4
A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	4.2
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	4.2
a train in a station.	A train is at a train station.	5
Horse standing in a field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	3.6
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.	0
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	0.8
The bird is sitting on the branch.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	2.5
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	3
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.	Tan cows look closely at the camera.	0.75
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.	A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.	4.2
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	Older woman holding newborn baby.	3.4
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	2
