any large deep body of water.	measure the depth of a body of water	0.8
an actor who plays a principal role.	someone who plays a principal role	3
reach or come to rest.	(cause to) come to rest on a surface	3.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2.2
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.	alphanumeric sequence used for identification	3.8
the event of something being raised upward.	a state of being elevated or raised	2.6
the act of climbing something.	the act of lifting something	0.6
shine intensely, as if with heat.	Bind or join (as if) with cement.	0.2
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.	(finally) do something or be somewhere	1
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.	a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	3.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
coerce by violence or with threats.	coerce by violence, fill with terror	4
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.	cause to move, cause to be moved	1.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0
have flavor; taste of something.	the foremost part of something	0
behave in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	4.4
a visual representation of something.	a reproduction or physical representation of something	3
a specialized division of a large organization.	a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	1.6
a person who is appointed to a job or position.	the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	4.6
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.2
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.	a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	3.4
the act of cracking something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
the act of cracking something.	Cut into, possibly creating something new.	0.6
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of choosing among alternatives	2.4
the act of breaking something.	The act of testing something.	0.8
the state of being connected.	the state of being in contact	4
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.	giving a reference or citation of something	0
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.	Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	3.8
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.	the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	0.2
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.	a feeling or state of contentment, relief	4
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.	Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	4.2
place or put on the ground.	place into the ground for growing	2
a visual representation of something.	an approximated amount of something	0.8
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.	stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	4.4
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0.8
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).	Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	4.2
the state of being excluded.	The state of being suspected.	0.6
the act of having and controlling property.	The act of providing approval and support.	0
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.	Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	4.8
a brief experience of something.	a side or surface of something	0
appear in a certain way.	utter in a certain way	1.4
turning or twisting around (in place).	the act of turning, rotating an object	3
increase in extent or intensity.	(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	4
the verbal act of offering.	the legal state of owing money	0.4
make sense of; assign a meaning to.	make sense of, give meaning to	4.6
the act of hiring something or someone.	The act of beginning something new.	1
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.	printed version of electronic data from a computer	4.2
limit in quality or quantity.	Limit in quantity or quality.	5
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	3.5
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of surrendering or losing something of value	2.25
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.	The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	4.8
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	4.4
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the natural progression or development of something	0
the act of describing something.	the act of lifting something	0
an opinion formed by judging something.	an explanation or alibi for something	0
return to a former condition.	recover, return to former state	4.8
take liberties or act with too much confidence.	Act without permission or with too much confidence.	3.6
the act of testing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.75
make a film or photograph of something.	become the owner or posessor of something	0
the act of rejecting something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the act of testing something.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the physical position of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	0.4
the popular taste at a given time.	the shape of a wave in a given period of time	0.4
an intuitive understanding of something.	a distinctive style of clothing	0
cause to become alive again.	cause to have an odor	0
let or cause to fall in drops.	fall or cause to fall	3.6
the act of testing something.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	0.6
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.	keep from being seen or perceived by others	3.8
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.	a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	3.4
the act of retaining something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
the act of chipping something.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	0.8
perceive by inhaling through the nose.	smell by inhaling through the nose	4.5
the intended meaning of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	0.8
cause to adopt a new or different faith.	(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	3.8
cause to become violent or angry.	(cause to) become less intense or strict	1.2
the act of losing someone or something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.2
a short account of the news.	narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	4
engrave by means of dots and flicks.	Engrave by means of dots.	3.8
the act of raising something.	the act of shoving something away	1.2
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.	decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	4.6
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.	make noise like bad engine	3.8
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.	be in direct physical contact with	4.8
the quality of being of practical use.	the quality of being dependable	1
arrange a program of or for.	Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	3.4
give an interpretation or rendition of.	express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	1.4
the act of dwelling in a place.	the quality of being dependable	0
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).	a store or supply of something	3.8
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.	suggest or prescribe a solution	2.6
a person who is in charge.	person who manages money in board games	0.6
the act of dragging (pulling with force).	the act of rubbing a surface	0.6
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.6
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.	the act of validating the authenticity of something	1.2
the act of forcing out someone or something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.	Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	4.4
move as if through a sieve.	Travel (as if) through water.	1.4
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4
to wind or move in a spiral course.	Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	4.8
induce into action by using one's charm.	Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	4
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.	connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	4.6
hold in a tight grasp.	hold or embrace in a tight grip	4.6
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.	the shape of a wave in a given period of time	2.6
the lower part of anything.	the foremost part of something	0.2
the act of liberating someone or something.	The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	0.2
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of planning or deliberating	2
cause (someone) to undergo something.	be located at or on top of something	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the scent or odor of something	0
make a dry crackling sound.	(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	3.4
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.	fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	4.2
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.	The act of talking about the features of something.	1.2
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0.2
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.	a natural growth of plants, usually trees	4.2
the act of cracking something.	the act of planning or deliberating	0.2
the physical position of something.	the physical expanse of the universe	0.4
a boundary marking the extremities of something.	a boundary area or edge of something	4.2
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.	reach a destination or goal	3.4
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
argue or speak in defense of.	to argue or plead in favor of	4
cause to happen or be responsible for.	support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	2.2
to put down by force or authority.	take or capture by force or authority	2.8
cause to march or go at a marching pace.	(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	0.6
the act of reducing the amount or number.	the act of rending, tearing, ripping	0.75
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.	Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	4.8
the last section of a communication.	(the content of) a communication.	2.8
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.	The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	0
the act of disturbing the mind or body.	the act of pressing together firmly	0
the condition of being motivated.	The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	0.6
lower the pitch of (musical notes).	move to a lower position, terminate something	0.4
the act of making a proposal.	the act of pulling a load	0.4
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	0.4
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	0.8
make ready for action or use.	make or become more acute or intense	1
the act of breaking something.	the activity of breaking or splintering something	4
get the meaning of something.	the extreme endpoint of something	1.6
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.	Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	2.4
any affliction that causes great suffering.	any cause or source of great suffering	4.6
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the act of moving, turning something	2.2
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.	To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	3.8
the state of being rejected.	The state of being pleased with life.	0.4
the solid part of the earth's surface.	the height of the sea's surface	0.2
the act of starting something.	The act of testing something.	1.4
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.	cover with a primer base	4.6
make a logical or causal connection.	discover a logical or causal connection; associate	3.8
extend in a different direction.	Rewrite in a different script.	0.2
the act of beginning something new.	the act of reasoning, cogitation	0.6
the act of giving a false appearance.	the act of giving a speech	0.4
observe or plot the moving path of something.	be located at or on top of something	0.4
the act of breaking something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
have a disagreement over something.	the scent or odor of something	0
give an incentive for action.	Give an incentive or reason for action.	4.2
the act of cutting something into parts.	the context or setting in which something takes place	0.2
give surety or assume responsibility.	tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	3.4
move from one place to another.	move from one location to another	5
the act of dropping something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
give a performance (of something).	Give a performative affectation to (something).	2.8
any new participant in some activity.	a participant who is a beginner in some activity	4
turn the paddle; in canoeing.	Turn the paddle or oar.	3.8
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0.2
the last section of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	4.6
the relation of comprising something.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	0.6
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.	be a reason, cause, or justification of	4.4
remove from a position or office.	retreat or move from a position, relocate	2.6
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.	The human act of making something new.	3.8
the act of starting something.	an instance of halting some motion	0.4
cause to become widely known.	(cause to) gradually become weak	1
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.	a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	3.2
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).	The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	4.8
exclusive control or possession of something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0.6
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.	take something or someone away from somewhere	3.2
money in the form of bills or coins.	energy in the form of molecular motion	0.6
a state of extreme poverty.	a state of exposure to harm	0
the act of attaching or affixing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	1.4
the act of rejecting something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
have a wish or desire to know something.	have a strong desire to do something	3.2
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.	take in (mentally or physically)	1.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.2
pronounce with an initial sibilant.	pronounce with a nasal twang	2.4
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).	an upward slope or incline	4
a relatively long narrow piece of something.	an allotment or percentage of something	1
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.	Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	3.6
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.	Identify, establish location or identity	4.4
the act of starting something.	the act of shoving something away	0.6
an obligation to pay or do something.	an explanation or alibi for something	0
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.2
preserve in a can or tin.	Preserve in a tin or jar.	4.4
dress in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	1
the act of raising something.	The act of testing something.	0.8
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.	give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	4.4
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.	The principal activity that one does to earn money.	4.2
the act of drawing or hauling something.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.2
the act of becoming more distant.	the act of planning or deliberating	0.4
the act of retaining something.	The act of testing something.	0
the last (12th) month of the year.	12th month of the calendar year	4.8
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.	a company that provides public service commodities	3.8
get involved or mixed-up with.	get involved with or mixed up	4.6
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).	gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	2.6
a brief experience of something.	a fast rate or occurrence of something	3.2
the act of chipping something.	the act of lifting something	0
make even or more even.	(cause to) become even or level	4.4
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	4.2
give an interpretation or rendition of.	Give an incentive or reason for action.	0.2
hit before it touches the ground.	hit or return before it touches the ground	4
the state of being unsure of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	0
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
fix or set securely or deeply.	Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	3.8
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..	A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	3.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the activity of breaking or splintering something	4.2
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.	a retail store with merchandise for sale	4.2
twist suddenly so as to sprain.	twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	4
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.	resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	4.2
the act of stopping something.	be a factor or play a role in something	0.2
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.	the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	4.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	request or demand something from someone	1
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0.8
support on the back and shoulders.	Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	3.2
contrast with equal weight or force.	oppose with equal weight or force	3.8
the quality of not being useful or convenient.	the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	0.4
the quality of being important and worthy of note.	the quality of being important, worthy of attention	4.8
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).	attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	3.6
change toward something smaller or lower.	the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	4.4
a chance to do something.	a visual characterization of something	0.2
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.	put in a particular place or abstract location	3
the trait of wasting resources.	the action of extending outwards	0.4
have flavor; taste of something.	the consequence or aftermath of something	0.2
cause to run in panic.	(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	3.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	1.4
cause to turn on an axis or center.	turn on an axis; spin	3.6
set into opposition or rivalry.	PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	3.8
the physical position of something.	the processing or operation of something	1
the act of hearing attentively.	the act of pulling a load	0.4
the act of designating or identifying something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	0
the act of dropping something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.6
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.	social or economic downfall of someone or a group	2.8
the last section of a communication.	the primary component of a communication	1.6
process or result of becoming less or smaller.	the process of becoming less or smaller	4.2
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.2
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.	the act or capability of seeing	0
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.8
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.	give a specific interpretation to	3.2
the state of being rejected.	The state of being suspected.	0.8
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.	The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	4.2
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.	a military aircraft that drops ordinance	3
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	4.6
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.	the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	3.6
the act of cracking something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
maintain with or as if with a bet.	Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	0
the act of stopping something.	the act of lifting something	0.2
rein in to keep from winning a race.	rein in a horse to lose a race	3.8
cause to come out in a squirt.	(cause to) come to rest on a surface	1.4
cover or swamp with water.	provide or supply with water	1.8
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
have or contain a certain wording or form.	contain or have a specific wording or information	4.4
a channel for communication between groups.	a channel of social communication	4.8
lengthen or extend in duration or space.	Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	4.2
take or have a position relative to others.	a rank or position relative to others	3.4
the act of dropping something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0
the act of losing someone or something.	the apparent condition or state of something	0.2
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.	burn slightly to affect color	4.66666666666667
give certain properties to something.	a general trait or characteristic of something	3.2
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.	position in football played by a team member	2.8
the act of fastening things together.	The act of arranging elements together.	2
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.	cause a sharp or stinging pain to	4
the act of dropping something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
serve as the inciting cause of.	incite action, cause an event	4.2
come up, as of a liquid.	come up, as of liquid or gas	3.6
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.4
adapt to a specified measurement.	adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	4.2
alternative names for the body of a human being.	anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	2.4
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.	cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	3.2
make up something artificial or untrue.	make up something fictional or untrue	5
break from a meeting or gathering.	remove to or from a place or situation	2
the act of ending something.	the act of lifting something	1.2
a special set of circumstances.	a happening or incident of human significance	0.2
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.	protect with or as if with a shield	3.8
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.	basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	4.8
the act of cracking something.	the act of lifting something	0.4
cause to move back and forth.	(cause to) move gently back and forth	4.4
the state of being active.	the state of being in contact	1.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
get the meaning of something.	Understand the meaning of something.	4.6
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.	take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	4.6
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
alternate dramatically between high and low values.	change (dramatically) between high and low values	4.6
the act of designating or identifying something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	2.4
cause to be balanced or suspended.	(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	0.4
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.	design for a specific purpose	4.2
the act of forcing out someone or something.	to combat or oppose someone or something	2.6
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.	(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	2.2
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.	a mental grasp or understanding of something	4.2
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.	do something considered below one's diginty	4.6
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.	(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	4.2
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of cutting off length, snipping off	4.2
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.	a sovereign regime and its assemblage	3.8
the act of raising something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.75
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the extreme endpoint of something	0.4
the quality of being significant.	be or have a quality of being	2.6
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.	Improve by pruning or polishing	4.4
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.4
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.	a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	4
the act of ending something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.8
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
a reason for wanting something done.	Cut into, possibly creating something new.	0.6
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.	a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	3.6
take up, as of debts or payments.	come up, as of liquid or gas	0.2
cause to be hanging or suspended.	cause to be immersed in	0.4
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of substituting one thing for another	3.75
a way or means to achieve something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of validating the authenticity of something	0.8
time during which some action is awaited.	amount of time that something is postponed	3.8
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).	reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	3.8
an established or recognized right.	An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	4.4
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.2
the occupants of a floor.	the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	4.6
the successful action of solving a problem.	a method for solving a problem	3
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.	cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	0
a member of a police force.	an observer of a process or activity	0.4
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.	an address used for postal communication	4
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.	Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	4
limit in quality or quantity.	spare in quality or quantity	2.8
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of shoving something away	0.2
the event consisting of the start of something.	the apparent condition or state of something	1.8
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.	engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	4
something recalled to the mind.	something considered trite but amusing	0.6
the act of constructing something.	the act of lifting something	1.6
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.	concrete enactment of an idea or concept	3.8
affect with or as if with a cramp.	raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	0.8
become liquid or fluid when heated.	(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	4
the act of making up your mind about something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	1
something additional of the same kind.	a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	3.2
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	0.4
react to a stimulus or command.	react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	4.2
a formal association of people with similar interests.	club or association of people with a shared interest	4.4
free from obligations or duties.	free from obligations, service or confinement	4.4
the act of dropping something.	the degree or amount of something	0
the act of putting something in a certain place.	the act of arriving at a certain place	1.4
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.	medium of exchange minted by a government	3.4
advance or set forth in court.	advance or set forward in court	4.8
make a written note of.	make a written note of something	4
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
a native of ancient Troy.	a citizen of ancient Troy	3.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	The act of testing something.	0
the act of terminating a life.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.	The act of moving in a hurried manner.	3.6
the act of describing something.	the act of clipping, cutting	0.2
raise from a lower to a higher position.	Physically raise from a lower position.	4.2
the act of retaining something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
the rate of increase in size per unit time.	an increase in size as measured per unit of time	4.6
the first part or section of something.	advance warning or notification of something	0.6
the act of constructing something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0.6
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	3.8
the act of testing something.	smother, surpress or lessen something	0.4
cause to be interested or curious.	cause to be immersed in	1.8
the act of making or enacting laws.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
the intended meaning of a communication.	The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	4.4
come into the possession of.	be given to, come into the possession of	4.4
react to in a certain way.	utter in a certain way	1.2
the state of being covered with unclean things.	have or be covered with bristles	1.6
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of planning or deliberating	1.8
make a film or photograph of something.	be located at or on top of something	0
move or establish in a new location.	be in or establish communication with	0.4
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	4.8
an obligation to pay or do something.	be located at or on top of something	0
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.	a collection of something, often a large amount	2.4
urge with or as if with a goad.	whip with or as if with a whisk	0
a disease of the heart.	dysfunction or ailment of the heart	4.4
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.	decorate a manuscript with red	3.8
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of devoting time and energy to something	0.6
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.	verify something by comparing to a standard	3.6
part; cease or break association with.	Part, cease, or break association with (something).	4.6
put a new heel on.	put heels on a shoe	4
the act of raising something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.8
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.	make images or sounds less sharp	2.4
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	4.4
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.	measure the depth of a body of water	3.2
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.4
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.	a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	3
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
have a strong desire or urge to do something.	have a strong desire to do something	4.8
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	0.2
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.	person who is a social companion	3.6
hold or carry in equilibrium.	hold or place in equilibrium	4.6
the management of someone or something.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.4
work as a tinker or tinkerer.	work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	3.8
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	0.6
the termination of a meeting.	the termination, ending of a meeting	5
attack as if with claws.	scratch or scrape with claws or nails	4
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.	a social occasion, often official or formal	3.8
believe to be the case.	infer or believe to be the case	4.2
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.	move in such a way as to avoid	4
the act of climbing something.	The state of being absent.	0
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	remove by pinching or snipping	4.4
cause to become widely known.	(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	0
any area set aside for a particular purpose.	prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	2
the act of climbing something.	the act of people having sex	0.2
accuse formally of a crime.	to lecture formally to an audience	0.2
the act of creating written works.	the act of creating an artistic work	2.8
the state of being excluded.	the state of being in contact	0.6
collect discarded or refused material.	collect discarded, refused or damaged material	3.8
a business firm that publishes newspapers.	an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	4
the act of motivating; providing incentive.	the act of providing incentive to someone	4
the act of examining resemblances.	the activity of examining or assessing something	2.2
make small marks into the surface of.	Make marks in the surface of.	3.8
take up with the tongue.	Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	0
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.4
be equal to in quality or ability.	spare in quality or quantity	1.2
return in thought or speech to something.	return to in thought or speech	5
the act of climbing something.	The act of testing something.	0
the management of someone or something.	manner of handling, managing someone or something	4.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of selecting or picking something	1
put an end to a state or an activity.	LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	4.2
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	3.8
emit a steady even light without flames.	Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	2.8
the act of starting something.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0.2
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.	reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	0.2
a unit of military aircraft.	a type of military aircraft	3.8
the state of taking in or encircling.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.2
a person who plants bombs.	a person who plants or detonates explosives	3.8
suit to a special purpose.	make fit for a specific purpose	4.2
strike with horror or terror.	strike with horror, surprise, disgust	3.8
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.	have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	2.2
throw into great confusion or disorder.	A state of confusion or disorder.	3.4
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.	a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	4
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.	a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	4.8
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.	the natural progression or development of something	1.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of pulling an object	0.8
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.	A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	4.4
the act of retaining something.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	1.2
add cream to one's coffee, for example.	Cook in cream or using cream.	1.2
consider as part of something.	a negative or undesirable aspect of something	0.6
suit to a special purpose.	gear or develop something to a particular purpose	4.6
the act of losing someone or something.	identify or pick out someone or something	0.6
the state of being depleted.	a state of being encircled	0.2
conform to a metrical pattern.	read or conform to the metrical pattern of	4.4
a small thin branch of a tree.	a major branch of a tree	1.4
the act of starting something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.	(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	4.8
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.	form schemes in an underhand manner	4.4
the act of forcing out someone or something.	identify or pick out someone or something	1
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.	the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	3
walk as if unable to control one's movements.	Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	4
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).	arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	3.8
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.	make fit for a specific purpose	4
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of lifting something	0.6
cause to lean to the side.	cause to move, cause to be moved	1.6
an indication of some hidden activity.	an indication of something, evidence	1.8
the state of being suspected.	The state of being absent.	0.6
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.	(cause to) break up or cease to function	4
the last section of a communication.	the selection of a lottery winner	0
be in some specified state or condition.	being in a protected state or condition	2
the act of escaping physically.	the act of escaping, fleeing	4.2
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4
give a performance (of something).	Create a coating for something.	0.6
the act of projecting out from something.	Create a coating for something.	0
limit the range or extent of.	restrict or limit the range of	4.8
the act of dropping something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	1.8
the justification for some act or belief.	an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	3.2
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.	presentation of a musical theme	5
let or cause to fall in drops.	 cause or permit to fall to the ground	2.8
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.	move or sway in a sinuous fashion	4.4
cause to spread in another part of the world.	sell or transport an item or idea abroad	2.6
the act of making a proposal.	the act of taking an offer	0.8
a committee appointed to judge a competition.	a group of people appointed to a committee	2.6
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).	intuitions, a hunch or feeling	1.4
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.	situate, position, come to rest	3.4
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	3.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of lifting something	0
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.	Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	4.4
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.	the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	3
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.	the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	3.8
the act of testing something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
the act of retaining something.	the act of escaping, fleeing	0.4
two people who are married to each other.	people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	0
give certain properties to something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the activity of supplying or providing something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
the act of raising something.	the act of lifting something	4.4
enclose in or as if in a frame.	confine in or as if in a prison	1.6
make believe with the intent to deceive.	Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	3.2
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.	the act of sorting things into categories	4.2
fly in or as if in a glider plane.	Fly in or on a glider plane	4
the act of testing something.	the act of choosing or selecting	1.4
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.	open to members of all races and ethnic groups	4.6
go after with the intent to catch.	Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	4.2
the center of an object.	the center region of an object	4
an appraisal of the value of something.	an approximated amount of something	2.8
form a carpet-like cover (over).	cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	3.6
room where work is done.	room where work or repairs are done	4.2
the act of testing something.	the act of shoving something away	0.6
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.	take possession of by legal authority (for security).	3.6
refer for judgment or consideration.	hand over or put in	0.2
send from one person or place to another.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	2.4
the act of dwelling in a place.	the act of pulling a load	0
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
the act of projecting out from something.	The act of talking about the features of something.	1
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.	turn from an upright/normal position	3.6
the act of dropping something.	the act of lifting something	0.2
the end or completion of something.	the identification or the realization of something	1
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.6
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.	A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	3.8
the center of an object.	the central area of an object	4.6
the act of colliding with something.	the act of lifting something	0.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of lifting something	0.4
the act of stopping something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0.6
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.	Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	4
be a sign or indication of.	Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	4.2
the general outward appearance of something.	the general impression or appearance of something	4.4
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.	know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	4.8
make something, usually for a specific function.	Make or create something for a specific function.	4
get rid of as if by submerging.	get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	3
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0.6
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	change or conform to fit new or different conditions	4.4
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.	a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	4
organize or be responsible for.	support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	4
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.	strive against another or others to attain a goal	3.2
the act of cracking something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
remove from a position or office.	Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	1.6
the act of colliding with something.	the act of directing attention, resources to something	0.2
ride on someone's shoulders or back.	Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	4
the act of mixing together.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	3.4
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).	a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	3.2
the act of moving from one place to another.	the translation of an opus from one language to another	0.2
the act of admitting someone to enter.	the act of annoying someone or something	0
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.	Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	4.4
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.	a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	4.25
dispose of (something useless or old).	Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	4
the state of being excommunicated.	The state of being absent.	0.4
appear or become visible; make a showing.	rise to surface; become visible or known	3.6
correct by punishment or discipline.	overcome with astonishment or disbelief	0
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	3.8
the act of climbing something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2.2
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.	a list of items to be consulted and marked off	4.6
the act of stopping something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of damaging something, causing breakage	3.2
put into a certain place or abstract location.	put in a particular place or abstract location	4.6
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of perceiving a scent	4.4
the act of administering medication.	the act of providing assistance, giving aid	1.8
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force, impact, or effect	4.6
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).	cover with wooden boards; secure	1.4
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).	a lid or top of a container	3.8
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.6
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.	cause to vibrate in a different pattern	2.4
the act of adding one thing to another.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.8
decide upon or fix definitely.	decide upon or fix definitely/specify	4
provide a feast or banquet for.	provide a seat or base for	1.4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.	an observer of a process or activity	0.4
give new life or energy to.	make keen; give (new) life or energy to	3.8
