the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.	the activity of learning or being trained	4
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.	thin metal strips used in typesetting	3.8
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.	falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey	4.2
the act of designating or identifying something.	the act of designating a role to someone	1.8
make pure or free from sin or guilt.	make pure or free from sin	4
fail to do something; leave something undone.	leave undone or leave out	4
an unofficial association of people or groups.	a social set or clique of friends	3.6
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.	The upper part of a column.	4.4
sink to a lower level or form a depression.	sink to a lower level; descend	3
create code, write a computer program.	create code or computer programs	4.6
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.	release from confinement, obligation, or a burden	3.2
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.	(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.	4.4
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.	a company that provides public service commodities	3.4
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.	Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	4.4
to distribute systematically or strategically.	Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.	5
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.	create something in the mind	3.6
to make less distinct or clear.	(cause to) become less clear or indistinct	4.8
free from a burden, evil, or distress.	exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement	3.8
a straightaway section of a racetrack.	a straight length of road or racetrack	4.2
emit a brief burst of light.	(cause to) emit a brief burst of light	4.2
alter the shape of (something) by stress.	stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury	3.2
move as a crowd or in a group.	move in a group or flock	4.4
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).	a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege	4.8
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.	An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	4.8
clear mucus or food from one's throat.	clear mucus from one's throat	4.6
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.	preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	3.6
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.	an address used for postal communication	4.6
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.	An organization that sponsors a large public event	4
support a person for a position.	legally approve or ratify a person for a position	4.2
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.	Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	5
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.	anything with the form of a thin strip	1.4
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.	the controlling component of a grammatical constituent	4
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.	reach a destination or goal	3.6
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.	Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	4.5
part; cease or break association with.	Part, cease, or break association with (something).	4.8
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).	a cue given to someone for assistance	3.6
draw from specific cases for more general cases.	make more common, uniform or general	1.6
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.	(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound	4.8
make undue claims to having.	Make (undue) claims of owning.	3.4
the head of a city government.	the political head of city government	4.8
become quiet or still; fall silent.	to cause to become quiet	4.2
move forward by leaps and bounds.	More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.	4
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.	give up right or possession to another	4.4
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.	come as a logical consequence, be inferred	4.6
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.	the event of gradually vanishing from view	5
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.	feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about	4
travel along a zigzag path.	travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	3.8
make a mess of or create disorder in.	create a mess or disorder	5
the state of being employed or having a job.	the state of being employed	5
a sculpture representing a human or animal.	a sculpture of a human or animal	4.8
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.	(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)	1.75
travel or be transported in a vehicle.	operating or traveling via a vehicle	4
fall or descend to a lower place or level.	(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value	4.2
the ability to recall past occurrences.	the ability to recall things	4
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	3.4
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).	the noise of something rapping against a surface	3.2
ask for and get free; be a parasite.	Ask for and get something for free.	2.6
the general condition of body and mind.	a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	1.6
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.	an area enclosed by walls or buildings	4.4
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.	raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	4.4
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..	the act of surrendering an asset	3
protect or fight for as a champion.	protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	2.8
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.	A relation of affinity or harmony between people.	4
save or relieve from an experience or action.	save from an experience, action or harm	4
run around the rim of.	go around the rim of	4.8
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.	take in (mentally or physically)	0.8
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.	separate (as if) by passing through a sieve	4.2
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.	a cultivated plant that is now growing wild	5
speed up the progress of; facilitate.	speed up the process of	5
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.	Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.	4.8
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.	a computer program that performs system support	4.2
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.	the length of time of a temporary cessation	4.4
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.	rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke	3.4
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.	Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.	3.8
confine as if in a prison.	confine in or as if in a prison	4.6
approach with an offer of sexual favors.	make amorous or sexual advances toward	4.2
correct by punishment or discipline.	Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.	3.75
cause to go into a solution.	break up a solid, usually into a solution	2.8
a movement back from an impact.	A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.	4.6
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of putting something to use.	4.6
disentangle and raise the fibers of.	(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner	0.4
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.	a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden	3.2
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.	an itemized statement of money owed	3.6
the positively charged dense center of an atom.	positively-charged center part of an atom	4.6
an event that causes someone to die.	An event that causes someone or something to die.	3.8
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.	indicate a decision or prediction	0.8
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.	state of being active, bustling about	4.6
cause to be alert and energetic.	cause to become awake or alert	4
look through a book or other written material.	Look through a book or some other written material (for information).	4.6
the last section of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	5
go to see for professional or business reasons.	meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	4
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.	assembled group of spectators at a performance	4.4
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.	give interlinear explanations or citations for text	3.6
leave or give by will after one's death.	Leave to someone after one's death.	3.6
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.	cause to vibrate in a different pattern	3
compel to behave in a certain way.	compel, enforce, or insist on something	3.8
travel across or pass over.	draw a cross in the air over something	0.4
give up what is not strictly needed.	give away something that is not needed	4.2
become less interesting or attractive.	(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.	4.6
have a disagreement over something.	have a disagreement or quarrel over something	4.4
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).	endure or experience a painful event	1.4
process or manner of functioning or operating.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	4
the event of something ending.	the event of coming to a stop, ending something	4
return to an original state.	return to a prior state	4.4
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).	the United States, especially the North during the Civil War	4.6
place too much a load on.	(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged	4
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	3.4
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.	imagine; form a mental picture of something	3.4
indicate a decision in regard to.	indicate a decision or prediction	3.4
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.	carry a burden, real or metaphorical	5
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.	An official task or undertaking, usually funded	2.8
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.	the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism	3.2
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.	stamp or emboss with a block	4.6
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.	(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	3.8
a group of sheep or goats.	a flock of sheep or goats	5
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.	a unit of atmospheric pressure	3.8
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.	a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve	3
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.	a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else	4.4
the act of taking something that is offered.	the act of taking an offer	4.6
hit before it touches the ground.	hit or return before it touches the ground	4.8
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.	a thrusting weapon, as a sword	3.4
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.	mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities	3.8
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.	Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.	3.8
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.	pay unsolicited sexual attention to	3.4
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.	Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	4.4
rerun a performance of a play, for example.	reshow a play or broadcast	4.8
a position given by its location to the side of an object.	a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments	1.4
the state of being controlled or governed.	state of being under control	3
an automobile race run over public roads.	a vehicle race on public roads	4.8
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.	take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong	4.2
put into a certain place or abstract location.	move into and stay in a particular position	3
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.	opening shot in billiards or pool	4.4
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.	an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg	3.8
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
an informal right to something.	An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	3
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.	fetching something from a source	2.8
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.	communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs	4.6
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.	strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin	4.8
the act of spending or disbursing money.	the act of spending, disbursing funds	5
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.	recording tracks of music made on some medium	0
an aptitude that may be developed.	an inherent aptitude or talent	3.6
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.	Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.	4.6
free from obligations or duties.	free from obligations, service or confinement	3.6
twist suddenly so as to sprain.	twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	4.6
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.	a cause or source of duress, worry	3.2
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.	a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance	3.6
come as if by falling.	move (as if) by lowering	0.6
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.	Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace	4.2
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.	economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation	4.8
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.	clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned	3
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.	Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.	2.4
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.	the act of throwing a baseball	3.6
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.	Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.	4.6
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	4.8
register formally as a participant or member.	(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate	2.8
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.	give a specific interpretation to	3.4
organize anew, as after a setback.	Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.	4.4
catch in or as if in a trap.	to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize	4.6
an exclusive group of people.	an exclusive, privileged group of people	4.8
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.	come into conflict, meet in opposition	4.4
react to a stimulus or command.	react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	4.6
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.	provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	3.4
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.	a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	4.4
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.	cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction	0
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.	The human act of making something new.	0
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.	move or gather in a hive	4.6
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.	rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	4
provide or equip with furniture.	Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	4.6
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).	Make or create something for a specific function.	2
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.	lowest employee salary permitted by law	4.8
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.	watery rot on produce caused by fungus	4.2
room where work is done.	room where work or repairs are done	4.4
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	4.4
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.	compress out of shape or into small pieces	2.8
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).	a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument	4.4
cause to grow thin or weak.	(cause to) gradually become weak	4.2
run or move very quickly or hastily.	move or execute very quickly or hastily	4.7
prove to be false or incorrect.	Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.	4.8
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.	(cause to) be overlaid with something	2.8
carry, as on one's back.	carry as a backpack, go backpacking	3.4
separate into constituents by soaking.	(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.	3.2
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.	GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.	4.6
glare or strike with great intensity.	glare or strike with intensity	4.6
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.	rightful portion or stake of something	4.2
shine brightly, like a star or a light.	Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.	4.6
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.	the rotating motion of an object	3.6
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.	a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend	4.4
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.	grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	5
pass by, over, or under without making contact.	exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something	1.2
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.	the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	4.2
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.	turn in to get something in exchange	4.4
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of perceiving a scent	5
relative darkness or lightness of a color.	relative darkness of a color	4.4
change from one form or medium into another.	express or transform in a new form or language	2.8
become or make oneself fresh again.	freshen, to make fresh; refreshen	3.6
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.	a work area for manufacturing or repair work	3.8
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.	fall between two taxonomic groups	4.6
overflow with a certain feeling.	bubble over with a certain feeling	4.6
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.	scoop up, as if with a ladle	4
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.	The action of opposing some other social or military force.	4.2
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	Incline or bend; changle configuration.	2.4
wet with a spurt of liquid.	(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	4.6
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.	To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).	4.6
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.	a specified portion of a whole	3.8
join or attach with or as if with glue.	Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.	4.4
transfer from one place or period to another.	move from one location to another	3.4
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.	to make a great mental or physical effort	4.8
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.	FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	3.2
use up the whole supply of.	completely use up a resource	4.8
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.	secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm	4.4
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.	a local non-residential college offering two years of courses	2.8
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.	Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.	5
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.	an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	4.5
destroy the peace or tranquility of.	interfere with someone else's activity	0.4
arrange or order by classes or categories.	assign to or arrange into categories	4.4
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.	be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as	4.8
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.	Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.	4.6
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4.8
cause to become ice or icy.	make colder, or icy, using ice	2.4
show to a seat; assign a seat for.	provide a seat or base for	3.5
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.	Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.	4.4
the act of committing a crime.	the act of perpetrating a crime	5
support by placing against something solid or rigid.	support by placing on or against something solid	5
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.	not succeed in achieving some abstract thing	0.2
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.	a pointed instrument for writing, stylus	3.4
partake in a feast or banquet.	partake or provide a banquet	4.8
any new participant in some activity.	a participant who is a beginner in some activity	4.6
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.	fasten by passing a rope through or around something	3.4
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.	line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	4.6
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.	the act of enumerating or tallying a total	2.8
remove a constituent from a liquid.	remove substances from a liquid or solution	4.8
study intensively, as before an exam.	study intensively as if preparing for a test	5
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.	decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	4.6
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.	bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits	2
a cell for violent prisoners.	a detention center for prisoners or drunks	2.2
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.	a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party	5
run at a moderately swift pace.	Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	5
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.	Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	4.6
creating a picture with paints.	the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints	3.6
the territory occupied by a nation.	owned territory of a sovereign government	3.6
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.	(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.	5
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.	an operation that groups items according to specific criteria	4.4
force to go away by blinking.	Force to go away by blinking one eye.	4.4
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.	the tactile (touch) quality something has	2.8
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.	Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	3.2
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.	drag loosely along a surface, trail	4.6
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.	Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.	4
cause to be perplexed or confounded.	Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.	5
serve as a means of expressing something.	symbolize, serve as an example of	3.8
the act of decreasing something markedly.	the activity of removing a resource	1.6
thread on or as if on a string.	pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string	3.6
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	changing one thing for another	4.6
lack of agreement or harmony.	lack of agreement, not harmonious	5
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act or capability of seeing	4.2
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.	an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning	4.2
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.	stain with a dirty substance	4.2
appoint to a clerical posts.	Appoint, ordain to a clerical post	4.8
make a prediction about; tell in advance.	expect, predict, or forsee something in the future	3.6
give a definition for the meaning of a word.	state or explain the meaning	4.4
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.	immerse briefly into liquid or container	3.6
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.	A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.	3.8
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.	pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	4.4
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.	cause to assume a condition	4
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.	the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets	4.25
cover with liquid before cooking.	drench periodically with liquid while cooking	2.2
raise to a higher energy level.	Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)	5
make certain of the failure or destruction of.	make certain the failure or destruction of; destine	4.8
have certain properties when driven.	function in a particular manner when moving	1.8
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.	a set of pieces of creative work for showing	4.2
someone who takes photographs professionally.	a person who takes pictures, often a professional	4.2
reveal its presence or make an appearance.	Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).	discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	1.2
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.	perform or supervise a ritual	4.2
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	4.6
the motion of one object relative to another.	the close approach of one object to another	2
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.	act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes	5
the high value or worth of something.	cost or monetary value of goods or services	3
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.	a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre	4.4
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.	Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.	2.8
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.	regard with consideration or respect	4.6
the act of raising something.	the act of lifting something	4
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	Lie at an angle; bend along a path.	3.4
prevent the progress or free movement of.	hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	3.2
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).	The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	0.8
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.	Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.	4.2
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling	5
direct the course of; manage or control.	manage, handle, or control something	4.6
the force by which one object attracts another.	physical force that draws objects together	3.8
deal with in a routine way.	deal with according to routine or procedure	3.6
cover with a protective sheathing.	Enclose in a protective covering.	4.4
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).	reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	4.8
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.	a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue	4.2
the act of providing a subsidy.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	1.2
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.	Draw in and expel air through lungs.	5
the opening page of a web site.	starting page of a website	5
tag the base runner to get him out.	(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	4.6
close with a snapping motion.	(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound	2
a party of people assembled for dancing.	people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	3.6
a conveyance that transports people or objects.	a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled	4.4
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.	365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar	4.6
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.	Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	5
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.	a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials	3.8
approach a certain age or speed.	approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.	3.4
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.	to fill with coal or oil	3.6
assign to a specific task.	assign to a particular task	5
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.	leave isolated with little hope of rescue	4.6
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.	an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen	3.4
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.	make coincide in time or operation	4
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.	confine in or as if in a prison	5
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.	the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	4.8
the system of production and distribution and consumption.	a social system of production, distribution and consumption	4.4
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.	keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition	4.2
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.	a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	2.8
regard something as probable or likely.	regard something likely or reasonable to happen	4.8
the rate of increase in size per unit time.	an increase in size as measured per unit of time	5
have a great affection or liking for.	have a great affection, liking, or desire for	5
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.	keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening	2.8
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.	Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.	4.4
something that serves to indicate or suggest.	Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.	3.75
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).	A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.	4.4
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.	Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.	4.8
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.	repeat; reestablish or begin again	4.25
obtain data from magnetic tapes.	COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light	3
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.	Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.	3.8
mean or intend to express or convey.	signify or mean to express or convey	5
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.	Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	4.6
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.	a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant	3.4
separate or cause to separate abruptly.	Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.	4.4
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.	cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible	4.2
cause to be firmly attached.	(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	4.4
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.	a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	4
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.	Identify, establish location or identity	3.4
put or introduce into something.	put or set into, between or among	2.8
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.	a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else	4.2
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.	division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree	4.6
subsist on a meager allowance.	Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.	4.8
obtain or provide money for.	provide, raise, or supply funds to	4.4
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.	an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	4.2
the activity of putting something in written form.	The act of creating written works.	4.6
take or capture by force.	take or capture by force or authority	5
go after with the intent to catch.	Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	4.6
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.	an official campaign against a perceived societal harm	3.2
remove shells or husks from.	Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks	4.2
an aggressive willingness to compete.	aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness	3.2
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.	Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	4.8
give a neat appearance to.	give a neat appearance to, neaten	4.9
the set of elements common to two or more sets.	the spatial, geometric contour of an object	0
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.	the physiological activation of an organism or organ	1.8
the act of hiring something or someone.	supporter, advocate of something or someone	0.6
make up something artificial or untrue.	make up something fictional or untrue	4.8
billow up in the form of a cloud.	regulate or set the time of (a clock)	0
the act of testing something.	the act of substituting one thing for another	0
the first part or section of something.	the foremost part of something	4
the state of being active.	the state of being in contact	1
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.	measure the time or duration of	0
the act of stopping something.	Create an electrical short in something.	0.6
pull, or move with a sudden movement.	Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	4.4
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	5
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.	final stage of an event or activity	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of governing, administrating	0.4
the act of retaining something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
the state of being angry.	the state of being retained	0
create and charge with a task or function.	hold in a given state or situation	0
the management of someone or something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	1.2
hurl as if with a sling.	Soak up (as if) with a sponge.	0.4
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.6
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.	The act of creating written works.	0.2
the act of admitting someone to enter.	the state of having options, alternatives	0
the act of retaining something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.6
the state of inactivity following an interruption.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.2
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0
the trait of being well behaved.	the state of being retained	1
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.	Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.	1.4
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.	act or do something in reaction to something	0.4
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the quality of being useful for something	0.6
separate with or as if with an instrument.	protect with or as if with a shield	0
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	4.6
be in some specified state or condition.	bind somebody or become bound emotionally	0.2
lift and reset in another soil or situation.	assimilate into the mind or a situation	0.8
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	0
a portion removed from the whole.	location sheltered from the wind	0
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.	Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	5
have flavor; taste of something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the noise of something rapping against a surface	1.2
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.	(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	2.6
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.7
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.	the act of moving, turning something	2.2
take measures in preparation for.	make an incision or separation	0
an established line of travel or access.	an established linear path of travel	4.2
behave in a certain way.	behave in a certain way, usu. joyful	4.4
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.	make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements	0.2
the speech act of objecting.	the spatial, geometric contour of an object	0
get despite difficulties or obstacles.	a physical difficulty or obstacle	2.8
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.	ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.	4.8
a disagreement or argument about something important.	want, desire or perfer to do something	0
the visual appearance of something or someone.	look at or observe something or someone	2.4
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.	the nature, makeup or constitution of something	1.2
make sense of; assign a meaning to.	make sense of, give meaning to	5
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.	move, transfer or carry something or someone	2
the state of being in effect or being operative.	the state of being retained	0.4
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.	FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.	4.2
create and charge with a task or function.	Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.	0
cause to be firmly attached.	cause to be immersed in	1.2
the act of describing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4.8
where you live at a particular time.	(cause to) happen at a later time	0.2
the act of colliding with something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	1
the act of rejecting something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.2
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.	the act of arriving at a certain place	0.8
the trait of wasting resources.	the act of grasping into one's arms	0
the state of being excommunicated.	a state of being encircled	0
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.7
to bring or combine together or with something else.	(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears	0
terminate, end, or take out.	leave undone or leave out	1.8
the act of changing one thing or position for another.	changing one thing for another	4.8
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
bring into a different state.	put into or keep in a stall	0
the upper part of anything.	The appropriate or desirable thing.	0
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.4
a visual representation of something.	a visual characterization of something	4.6
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.	physically grapple with an opponent	0
the act of applying force to propel something.	the scent or odor of something	0
the act of breaking something.	The human act of making something new.	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
the act of spending or disbursing money.	a state or act of gaining pleasure	0
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.	Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.	2.4
the act of testing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
the act of catching an object with the hands.	the act of appraising, critiquing something	0.4
cause to happen or be responsible for.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	3
compel to behave in a certain way.	take action or behave in a certain way	4.2
the state of being active.	the state of being retained	0.8
show consideration for; take into account.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0
the act of decreasing something markedly.	the act of expressing approval, support of something	0.4
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.	the act of putting something to use.	0.6
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.	Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.	4.4
an appraisal of the value of something.	sacrifice or toll required to achieve something	0
the act of taking of a person by force.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0
the state of being excommunicated.	the state of being employed	0
the quality of not being useful or convenient.	the quality of being useful for something	1.8
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.	a person who memorizes or learns quickly	0
the state of being connected.	the state of having one's weight supported	0
the act of raising something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
the act of constructing something.	An exciting or stimulating experience.	0.4
the act of climbing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0
the act of testing something.	the act of putting something to use.	1.9
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.	the root or base form of a word	0
originate or come into being.	be or come into conflict	1.6
make or become more narrow or restricted.	make or become more acute or intense	2.4
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	5
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.	Literally cause to become unable to see.	0
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.	attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.	0.8
a visual representation of something.	visual representation sketched by hand	2.8
a person who is a member of a partnership.	a person who is a member of the senate	0.4
communicate or signal with a flag.	Cover or back with foil.	0
the state of being joined or united or linked.	The state of being pleased with life.	0
the act of hiring something or someone.	look at or observe something or someone	0.4
give a neat appearance to.	give a neat appearance to, neaten	4.9
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.	an abundance or profusion of something	1
make a request or demand for something to somebody.	request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone	3.6
the act of making up your mind about something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the state of being depleted.	the state of being employed	0
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0
the act of providing a subsidy.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
the act of rejecting something.	The act of beginning something new.	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.	live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla	0.2
the act of damaging something or someone.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.	Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.	5
run at a moderately swift pace.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	4.2
cause to make a snapping sound.	(cause to) meet or intersect	0.4
put or introduce into something.	settle or deal with something	0.8
send from one person or place to another.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	0.6
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	4
a restraint that checks the motion of something.	realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	0
go one's own way; move apart.	Follow one's own or another's path	3.6
the state or fact of being an owner.	the state of being in contact	0.4
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	5
set or ask for a certain price.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0.8
free from obligations or duties.	severance from a social connection or tie	2.2
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
the state of being rejected.	the state of being retained	0.6
the space where a division or parting occurs.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0.6
attain success or reach a desired goal.	DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal	4
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of harming or hurting someone	3.7
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
piece (something old) with a new part.	the pulsation of the heart	0
be worthy of or have a certain rating.	behave or move in a certain manner	0
run or move very quickly or hastily.	move or execute very quickly or hastily	4.7
believe to be the case.	infer or believe to be the case	4.8
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).	a border or boundary of an object	0
the act of losing someone or something.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0.75
the act of decreasing something markedly.	The act of beginning something new.	0.4
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4.5
the act of passing something to another person.	Entreat; ask for some information or action.	0.75
the act of spending or disbursing money.	The act of indicating or pointing out by name.	0.4
the act of stopping something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.8
move from one place to another.	move from one location to another	4.8
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0
the act of choosing or selecting.	the action of placing or situating an object	0
the act of breaking something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0
the state of being connected.	the state of being retained	1.3
have a disagreement over something.	a consequence, outcome or result of something	0
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force, impact, or effect	5
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
a relation that provides the foundation for something.	a rationale or reason for something	2.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	request or demand something from someone	1.4
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.6
the trait of wasting resources.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.	defining, distinctive form or shape of something	3.6
cause to come to the ground.	RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground	4.6
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	5
the visual appearance of something or someone.	an aggregation of things or people	0
change the arrangement or position of.	trace the form or outline of	0.4
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.6
act or move at high speed.	Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	1.2
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.	the process of becoming less or smaller	0.4
the state of being actual or real.	the state of being retained	1.2
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.	Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.	4.8
make a channel for; provide with a channel.	make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view	1.4
the act of spending or disbursing money.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
combine so as to form a whole; mix.	combine so as to form a more complex product	4.6
get the meaning of something.	Understand the meaning of something.	5
a relatively long narrow piece of something.	the flavor quality of something	0.4
observe or plot the moving path of something.	estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	0.4
put in a horizontal position.	put in a dangerous position	0.8
a large or extra supply of something.	a store or supply of something	4.8
organize (the production of something) into an industry.	Understand the meaning of something.	0
an appraisal of the value of something.	an allotment or percentage of something	1
the act of exploding or bursting.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.	give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	4.4
tie or fasten into a knot.	take legal action against, as in court	0
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.	The act of searching for or buying goods or services.	0
bring to a certain spiritual state.	bring to a certain pressure	0
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.	penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	5
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	0.4
how something is done or how it happens.	the way something conforms to a shape	0
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.	realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	0.4
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.	Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	4.8
an energetic attempt to achieve something.	an agent or company that insures something	0
the act of rejecting something.	the event of proposing or volunteering something	0
remove from a contest or race.	remove from a place or from office	1.2
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.2
a loud resonant repeating noise.	free (from restraint), let loose	0
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
remove or force out from a position.	remove to or from a place or situation	2.8
the act of breaking something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.6
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	act of moving or conveying something	0
the activity of supplying or providing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
the act of testing something.	the act of putting something to use.	1.9
get the meaning of something.	draw a cross in the air over something	0
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.	the act of forcibly taking the opposition	2.6
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of choosing or selecting	0
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.	Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.	5
the power to use something or someone.	Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	0
the disclosure of something secret.	an indication of something, evidence	1.4
the act of starting something.	the act of improving something's quality	0
create by putting components or members together.	create a new entity by putting components or members together	4.4
something that floats on the surface of water.	small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	0
the act of putting something in working order again.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.4
the state of being excluded.	the state of being in contact	0
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.	collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content	2.6
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.	turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw	0
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	3.8
become or cause to become soft or liquid.	become or cause to become obstructed	1.2
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.	have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	0
the act of cracking something.	the act of forcibly taking the opposition	0
the act of raising something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
cause to skip over a surface.	(cause to) happen at a later time	0
lumber used in the construction of something.	a small, indefinite portion of something	0.4
come into the possession of.	be given to, come into the possession of	4.4
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.	Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.	0.2
enclose in or as if in a frame.	place or lay as if in a pile	1.4
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the act of rubbing a surface	0.6
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	5
the speech act of making something evident.	Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	0.6
the act of referring or consulting.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0
the act of starting something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.4
the act of putting something somewhere.	the act of putting something to use.	1
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.	meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	0
the act of starting something.	the context or setting in which something takes place	0
the act of breaking something.	the state of being retained	0
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.	cause or become accessible state, make or become available	1.8
remove from memory or existence.	remove from a place or from office	1
the act of raising something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
get or find back; recover the use of.	get or find back; recover	4.6
change toward something smaller or lower.	regard something likely or reasonable to happen	0.2
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	0
carry out or perform an action.	carry out or complete an activity	4.2
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.	Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	4.4
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	0
cause to appear in a new form.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	1.6
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the act of harming or hurting someone	0.4
the act of constructing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
draw up an outline or sketch for something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.	(cause to) come apart, separate, or split	1.4
remove from a contest or race.	remove from a place or from office	1.2
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of flipping an object into the air	0.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
the act of breaking something.	the act of protesting, dissenting	0
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	0
make a mess of or create disorder in.	make an image or sound clearer; put into focus	0
the act of catching an object with the hands.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of appraising, critiquing something	1
run at a moderately swift pace.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	4.2
assign a new time and place for an event.	pass time in a particular place or way	0.4
give someone credit for something.	(Cause to) be covered with something.	0
the state of being unsure of something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	0.4
write all the required information onto a form.	write all the required information	3.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	abrupt state of disbelief about something	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.2
the end or completion of something.	the cause or instigation of something	0
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.	Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.	4.4
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.	a context or situation that hinders or impedes	0
have an argument about something.	Create an electrical short in something.	0
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.	Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.	3.2
be or act in association with.	ascribe or place in association with	3
a strong current of air.	A plant structure near the top of the plant.	0
the act of giving temporary assistance.	the act of rubbing a surface	0
the act of starting something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.4
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
put in the mind of someone.	rounded end of a bone	0
the condition of living or the state of being alive.	the action of placing or situating an object	0
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.	the act of harming or hurting someone	1.8
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4.5
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.	the assertion of a proposition offered as true	0
the state of being actual or real.	the act of entering a structure	0
the act of ending something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.	An area that is central within some larger region.	4.8
the rate of some repeating event.	reduce the price of something	0
the status or fact of being elected.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0
the state of being actual or real.	the state of being in working order	0
the state of being connected.	the state of being retained	1.3
a formation of people or things one beside another.	the action of placing or situating an object	1.2
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.	the act of conscripting soldiers for an army	0.4
the act of stopping something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.4
the state of being excluded.	the state of being employed	0.8
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.	have in mind as a plan or purpose	0
the act of hitting vigorously.	the act of protesting, dissenting	0
a body of students who are taught together.	class of students taught together	5
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
something serving as a cover or protection.	Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.	0
the act of making or enacting laws.	the act of cutting off length, snipping off	0
the act of climbing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
move with a thrashing motion.	cover with a primer base	0.2
the act of coming to land after a voyage.	the state of having options, alternatives	0.6
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.8
behave in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	4
the disadvantage that results from losing something.	the essence or gist of something	0
make ready for action or use.	prepare for/put to action or use	4.4
cause to be interested or curious.	cause to be immersed in	2.2
a unit of military aircraft.	a type of military aircraft	4.4
the act of breaking something.	pass into by penetrating or permeating	2.6
a concentrated example of something.	a boundary area or edge of something	0
the act of designating or identifying something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	4.4
the act of ending something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.6
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.	the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	0
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	unite; merge with something already in existence	0
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the state of being suspected.	the state of being retained	1
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).	the act of governing, administrating	0
the act of making up your mind about something.	the quality of being useful for something	0.4
the act of raising something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.	be in direct physical contact with	5
the act of adding one thing to another.	the place within which an authority has power	0
the greatest possible degree of something.	the foremost part of something	2.6
cover with or as if with a cloak.	mark or cover with or as if with dots	2.8
the act of starting something.	the act of putting something to use.	0.4
something copied or derived from an original.	Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.	0
the general outward appearance of something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0
the act of raising something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
the path followed by an object moving through space.	the act of putting something to use.	0
a relation that provides the foundation for something.	a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something	0
the act of contacting one thing with another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	0.8
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.6
the state of being excluded.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.4
the act of flipping a coin.	the act of applying paint to a surface	0
behave in a certain way.	behave or move in a certain manner	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
carry, as on one's back.	Put on cream, as on one's face or body.	0
the visual appearance of something or someone.	supporter, advocate of something or someone	1
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.	Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.	0
concentrate on a particular place or spot.	move into and stay in a particular position	2.6
move back and forth or sideways.	(cause to) move back and forth or side to side	4.2
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.	Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	4
the act of climbing something.	state of being unclothed, naked	0
the event of something burning (often destructive).	the noise of something rapping against a surface	0
the act of retaining something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.2
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	4.4
searching for or buying goods or services.	snatching or capturing a freely moving object	0.8
become or cause to become obstructed.	(Cause to) become widely distributed.	0
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
show the form or outline of.	trace the form or outline of	4
move through with or as if with a rake.	Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.	0
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	1.2
talk in a tearful manner.	Complain; talk in a tearful manner.	4.4
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.	exist in a certain manner, mode, or style	0
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of harming or hurting someone	0.4
gather, as of natural products.	glean or gather natural products	4.6
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
make a mark or lines on a surface.	Saturate or inocculate with a substance.	0.2
the act of adding one thing to another.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0
make a mark or lines on a surface.	make tracks on a surface	4.4
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of putting something to use.	0.8
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.	the identification or the realization of something	0
make ready for action or use.	to make ready, fit out	4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.8
the act of adding one thing to another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	1.4
vary or move from a fixed point or course.	Cause to move forward with force.	3.8
the amount by which something decreases.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	0
move by turning over or rotating.	injure by turning or rotating	1.8
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.6
put into a certain place or abstract location.	cause to be in a state or location	2.2
maintain with or as if with a bet.	protect with or as if with a shield	0.4
the act of raising something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	5
the reduction of something's value or worth.	the crown of a flowering plant	0
prefer or wish to do something.	want, desire or perfer to do something	4.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	0.6
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	4.4
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	0.2
the act of damaging something or someone.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	1
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of harming or hurting someone	3.7
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
