Last year it was sought to murder.  	Last year he was wanted for murder.	4.000
Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	5.000
And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
All Europe	A Europe for All	4.667
The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.500
Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	5.000
Only one month before, Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile '.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.500
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
Large Pax Europa of today, just like current prosperity paneuropéenne, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.000
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
Beyond the geographical division, divisions recur locally.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
But can this image survive a continuation of the decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	3.750
But this image can survive a further decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.200
Putin against people	The People Versus Putin	4.500
The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.750
But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.000
The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	5.000
They are for the moment.  	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	0.500
The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment.  	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.500
The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
In other areas, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.750
A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.750
But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium.  	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	3.250
There are many questions.  	The questions are many.	4.750
However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may.  	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	4.250
Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.750
Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political.  	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	3.000
What he has done without the initiative goes very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.400
The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call “the desire of the dollar”) will become only more penetrating.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.500
Last year it was required for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.800
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
The jobs, help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.250
The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
In the absence of a change of associations.  	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	0.500
But this image can survive a further decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.200
The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.667
But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile."	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.250
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	5.000
This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	5.000
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.750
After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.500
The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel ".  	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	2.500
And, also, of his regime.  	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	1.750
But can this image survive a pursuit of decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.750
The politicization of securities market	The Political Stock Market	2.250
The western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	3.750
They are culture, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
It is necessary to find other means.  	Other ways are needed.	4.500
At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
Europe for all	A Europe for All	5.000
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.500
But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
Some are noteworthy results.	Some results are remarkable.	4.800
But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	5.000
What he has done without the initiative goes very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.400
However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
But the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
However, the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2% between the 9 and on May 24.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.750
We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled, one of these recent books against democracy itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	5.000
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.600
At the forefront of these lessons, we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
Some are noteworthy results.	Some results are remarkable.	4.800
They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	4.000
Yet, the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.750
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.600
But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.200
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.500
Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	4.000
Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.000
Other means should be found.	Other ways are needed.	4.600
However, a process of the United States and also within Islam.  	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	2.250
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	4.000
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.  	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	2.750
And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	4.750
And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Each time, radical technological progress off these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	5.000
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
The most important thing is that when interest rates go up, the values of the active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	3.750
Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.250
It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.750
They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.600
The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it, and it particuli�rement is particuli�rement eclipsed by the guide supr�me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	3.750
It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government.  	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.750
A business Chinese influence, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	5.000
Politicization of the securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.250
Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.750
Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products.  	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.250
The politicisation of the securities markets  	The Political Stock Market	2.500
An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	5.000
The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should take account of our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	3.500
Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “futile”.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.250
He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation.  	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
It is necessary to are two different things.  	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	0.250
It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies.  	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Certain results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
But as the European Union itself, and it will build it.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.750
They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.750
After all, they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	5.000
Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins.  	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	2.750
In other areas, the Sharia is imposed.  	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.750
But this picture can survive in a European?  	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	1.750
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
But as the European Union itself, build and happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.500
The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
The jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.750
But as the European Union itself, this will be built and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.000
The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.  	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution.  	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.500
Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.750
After all, they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	5.000
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really to this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.750
Many questions are.	The questions are many.	4.250
But they are necessary.	But they were necessary.	4.250
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.500
And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing, Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	3.500
The key is that when interest rates are falling, the values of the active.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	2.750
After all, they have policies that take or no consideration.  	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	3.750
The gay and other ‘ modern ’ practices are rejected because nombrilistes.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.500
Europeans of the West, who forgot this history, should take account of our warning statements.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.750
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	5.000
Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.400
Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.250
Every time, technological progress to fly these threats.  	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.500
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	4.750
He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Last year it was required for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.800
Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation.  	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.500
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.500
The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it.  	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.250
However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Each time, of radical technological progress leave these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.250
Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists, murdered in the course of the past six years.  	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	4.500
The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pénétrante.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.500
People against Putin	The People Versus Putin	4.750
But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
Only a month before,, the demands of constitutional reform in the five ".  	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	2.500
The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	3.500
Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.400
Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.250
And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	3.750
Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.750
The people against Putin  	The People Versus Putin	4.750
Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.750
The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.250
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei.  	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	5.000
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	4.750
Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.750
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	3.500
The questions are many.	The questions are many.	5.000
But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming, will perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.250
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	5.000
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.667
The questions are numerous.	The questions are many.	5.000
Gays and other practices "modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.250
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur locally.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The catch and other practices, because.  	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	0.250
The jobs, in particular, would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	5.000
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
Thought that in the long term, nothing can actually to this trend.  	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.250
In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.  	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.250
And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	3.750
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.600
After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
He has done, that the initiative not go very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	4.750
Some results.  	Some results are remarkable.	2.000
But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
But from the point of view of the international role was a trap.  	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	3.750
To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Only a month ago, disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	5.000
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	5.000
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.750
But just like the European Union itself, that will be built and that will be done.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.250
However, a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	4.750
Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.000
What he has done without the initiative goes too far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.000
This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	5.000
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	4.750
But just as the European Union itself, and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.750
Putin, also, seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
In other areas, Sharia law is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
What it has done without initiative go very far.  	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	4.750
That leaves the opposition and without any effective response.  	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.000
But this image further decline can survive?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.750
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Some results.	Some results are remarkable.	2.250
The gays and others practical “modern” are rejected, because nombrilists.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.750
The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure, Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	3.500
At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves.  	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
The gay and other practices "Modern" are rejected, because nombrilistes.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.500
The future of Iraq is linked to the country.  	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	3.250
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Employment, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	3.750
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.000
Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
The first of these lessons, we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
In other areas, the charia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	3.750
Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	4.000
What happened the initiative does not go very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.500
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.000
The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	5.000
But like the EU itself, this will be built and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.250
The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’) will only most perceptively.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
Putin, too, seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.750
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	4.000
It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	5.000
They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.600
Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.750
But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	5.000
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself.  	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.500
This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure, then.  	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	3.500
But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	4.750
The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally.  	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	3.500
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.500
The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.250
Big Pax Europe of today, like current prosperity pan-European, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
But this picture can survive a continuing decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.500
In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
President has fewer powers than it appears to be, and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.250
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise.  	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.  	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	3.750
We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	5.000
Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise. "	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.750
Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.200
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing, not Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Other means should be found.	Other ways are needed.	4.600
This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.750
What is more, the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
Only a month ago, muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.500
The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of “faintness”.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	3.250
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.500
Putin, too, seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.500
And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	4.000
Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.333
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
A Europe for all  	A Europe for All	5.000
But they were needed.  	But they were necessary.	5.000
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.750
Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions recur at local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.750
This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.500
The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ".	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.500
To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.250
However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	4.750
Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	4.250
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
And, perhaps the most important, the destabilising influence, not then.  	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	2.750
To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
The most important thing, however, is that when the rate of interest, the values.  	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	3.750
Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.200
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.500
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can really object to this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.000
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Iraq's future is linked to oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	5.000
However, a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.750
That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.  	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.250
The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
What is more, the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions.  	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	3.250
And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.500
The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.500
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.750
But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
The former version of the European reaction (the desire called "the desire of the") ”.  	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.000
The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.750
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Beyond the geographical division, at local level.  	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	3.750
It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.750
The politization of the markets of the transferable securities	The Political Stock Market	2.250
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.667
To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.667
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
In other regions, the Sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.750
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.500
This tendency goes well beyond simple.  	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	2.250
It is an implicit but but clearly, the head of State for 24 years.  	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	3.750
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
However, the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.000
The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.750
Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.750
Tocqueville thought that on the long run, nothing can be really opposed to this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
A couple who have left?  	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	1.000
However, the Americans have accused that lower 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.250
What it did without the initiative not going very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.500
