Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities	Global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -	0.6
In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say	Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship (Will Movies Get Any Better?)	2.4
Bloomberg: Assault weapons ban is tough sell	#Bloomberg: Assault weapon ban tough sell  Pub. enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor: Big Gulps and #guns. #ocra	3.8
Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency	Car bomb detonates outside #Afghan intelligence agency; casualty toll unclear.	4.2
What's in Feinstein's bill?	What's in Feinstein's gun bill -   #tgdn #pjnet	4
Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade	Linda Greenhouse: Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients' best interests	2.2
Smog cloud blankets Beijing	Special measures for Beijing polution:	2
'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer	SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : "American Taliban" John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison	3.4
Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong	The questions Oprah should've asked Lance Amstrong	2.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Cc  ": At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3
Prospero Gallinari, a Terrorist, Is Dead at 62	Not a tear here: Red Brigades jagoff dies, year older than me, fuck him:	0.8
The 46 Places to Go in 2013	so many places to go...	1
With California Rebounding, Governor Pushes Big Projects	As #California Bounces Back, Governor Calls For Lofty Goals	4.2
Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis	NYTimes: #Leishmaniasis: A #Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease	4.2
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil	Jesus... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil.	4.4
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	So the company mad, isn't this what most companies are doing?	0.4
Obama, Gun Policy and the N.R.A.	Taking Aim  #Stopgunviolence #Congress #NRA	1.6
NRA draws heat for shooting game	#NRA releases target shooting app, hmm wait a sec..	4
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali #Africa #conflict #humanrights	4.8
Piers, guest clash over AR-15s	slams guest over AR-15s	3
World Briefing | Europe: Norway: Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel	A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days.	3.2
Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight	Sex abuse common, but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight	2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Death toll climbs to 220 in #Brazil nightclub fire, official says.	3.2
Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)	(I love him!!!!) 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling -	3.8
U.S. 'tough love' for Afghan troops	U.S. withdrawal is 'tough love' for Afghans	3.6
Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London, 1952, through Beijing, 2013	NYTimes: Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution.	1.5
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT!	3.6
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	NATO: Missile battery opens on Syrian border  this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here.	3.4
What's wrong with the Dreamliner?	What's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner? ". Airlines must be SO happy!	4
Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries	Hopefully not together ": Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries "	4.6
A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish	We will pass a milestone this year: the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild	3.4
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	Design, design, design. ?We?re on the tail end of technology being special,? says John Maeda.	1
Mickelson has a point on taxes	Interesting article on the CNN homepage. "Mickleson has a point on taxes."	4.4
Pictures of the Day: Pakistan and Elsewhere	Pictures of the Day: Pakistan, Syria, Indonesia, Germany, Phillipines and Mali.	3.2
6 ways Vine's six seconds may change Twitter	How #Vine video may change Twitter #in	3.8
?Selected Letters of William Styron?	+1 MT ? "I loathe writing with..a kind of phobia.. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it" Styron	1.2
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	SPORT: MT  Lance Armstrong confesses to doping. Next step? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling.	4.6
Bloomberg gives $1.1B to university	Bloomberg chips in a billion	4
U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia	U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed.	4.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville?	NYTimes: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville, USA?	4.4
Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests, Documents Show	Cardinal Mahony, abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers. So sad and frustrating.	2.6
Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row	"Tennis: Djokovic claims Aussie triumph  ZmerchNews dot Com"	1.6
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station	Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	2
U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia	#US details help in failed #hostage rescue. #Somalia #France	2.6
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great  CNNMoney	4.4
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Internet Activist #AaronSwartz,Creator of #RSS, Is Dead at 26- Suicide. Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much?	3.4
Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity	The truth about publicity...  Bad publicity does exist. #pr #media	4
Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities	#Revolution Hits the #Universities by   #distance #education #sustainability	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali	VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help #Save #Mali	3.8
Talk: Ray Kurzweil Says We?re Going to Live Forever	This is a weird article. "Ray Kurzweil Says We’re Going to Live Forever"	4.4
Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal	Daannngg! ?: Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn?t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ?	1
Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops	Apple makes a $13.1 billion profit, sells 28% more iPhones and 48% more iPads. Stock dips 11%	2.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	When does life begin? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person.	4.6
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	Two years after the Egyptian Revolution... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	3.8
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late, he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials	4.6
This Life: Modifying a Child?s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life	Wait, bribing kids is bad? #notmomoftheyearafterall	1.8
Media Decoder Blog: New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups	#Disney 's new #videogame , via NYTimes: Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney	2.6
Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal	In the Gowanus Canal, a dolphin	4.4
Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast	Senator Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast. His endorsement should settle that issue.	4
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	Producer of popular gun-related videos shot. Every gun death is a tragedy.	4.2
Opinionator: Back When I Was Packing	interesting and sensible	0
?Bodega Clinicas? Draw Interest of Health Officials	Sign of inaccessible, culturally incompetent mainstream care? As ?Bodega Clinicas? Fill Void, Health Officials Are Torn	3.4
Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets	Rome's colorful Colosseum	2.4
Samsung profit soars to $6.6B record	": Samsung profit at record $6.6 billion "	4.8
Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program	Spanish police seize items intended for Iran. Qu? mal rollo...	3.2
Economix Blog: Bruce Bartlett: Accounting for a $1 Trillion Platinum Coin	This is a pretty amazing read. #howstuffworks NYTimes: Coins, Bills and the National Debt	0.8
Urban Athlete: A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor	Fitness Center in a #Hotel Room	1.6
Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot	I'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots.	1.4
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudis defend #SriLankan maid's #execution	4
Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe	The worst kind of poor flying judgement. Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe.	3.6
IHT Rendezvous: The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy	on Hillary Clinton's FP approach	2.2
Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy	An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy #memofromrome #politics	2.6
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Sign of the #apocalypse: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	3.6
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	A really nicely written story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	3.8
CES: Young people are 'born mobile'	CES keynote: Young people today are 'born #mobile'  #hitech	4.2
The New Old Age Blog: What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die	What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs, but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm	2.6
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace	U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER&TELL FRENCH WE'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS.	3
Climate change activists to Obama: Steer clear of Congress	Climate Change at CNN: Next step: Obama's State of the Union speech on February 12....	2.8
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide	3.4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Charlie Brown voice actor charged	4.6
Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers	NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University:	0
Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner	Dreamliner having fitful rollout. How tough is this for Boeing?	2.5
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  The gun industry can't handle the truth.	2.8
India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, India, Police Say	India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, Police Say: Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...	3.8
Photos: Kim Jong Un and his military	#Photos: #KimJongUn and his army forces	5
Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape	Indonesian official: Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they don't	3.4
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	So wait, you think I want to search #Facebook, and use Bing as the back up?  ha.	2
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	ICYMI, Facebook unveiled a new search tool today: "Graph Searchl"	3
'Humanitarian emergency' in Syria	"humanitarian emergency."declared by Aid groups in Syria "	4.4
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	President ? If she wants it	3.4
Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory	They deserve such unkind words.	0
Riff: Once Upon a Time, There Was a Person Who Said, ?Once Upon a Time?	A great piece in the NYT mag on story, lit, and media.	0
Review: Facebook's Graph Search is not very useful	Review: Facebook's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN  "only two of my 526 friends like cats"...say no more	3.8
Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas	Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #Shell at #Davos #energy #marketentry	4.4
By numbers: Women in U.S. military	By the numbers: Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea	3.6
Exotic culinary tours around the world	Try something new on your next vacation.	1.2
Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement	": Britney Spears calls off engagement " loool CNN reports this? Where is this world going?	4.25
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station	Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	2.2
Man charged with murder in doctor's death, source says	Thank goodness. ?: Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor's death. ?	4
Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military, activists say	Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say -	4.2
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	live to eat or eat to live? I take the former.	1.4
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Boosting Your #Flu Shot Response With #Exercise	4.6
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives	Smartphones are lifes remote control -	2.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Er diab... ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3.4
2013 Oscar nods: Who got snubbed?	2013 Oscar nominations: Who got	3
Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran	NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak, links to Daily Beast  #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war	0.8
In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty	Convicted in Thailand of *implying* an insult to the king. ?There was no mention of the king?s name in the speech.?	2.5
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	"Escape from La Crosse" The Preppers Next Door	1.8
Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong?	Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong?  She's not convinced  #Doprah	3.8
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax?	4
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	Morning athletic inspiration (let everyone compete!): Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes  #NYT	2.2
At $1.1 Billion, Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S.	Michael R. Bloomberg credits #JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader	1.2
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	This is ludicrous. Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Really?	3.4
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	Man outsources own job to China	4
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered	3.6
How America's top general came to endorse women in combat	thins just don't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this. Or am I...	0
The front lines in fight for women	you are an #inspiration!  #Keepfighting	0.4
Study Shows College Degree?s Value During Economic Downturn	Study: College-educated weathered downturn best:	2.8
Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies	sadness.": Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies. ”	4
Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses	"Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses" Uh oh...	3.4
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms	Today I learned "Currently, there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime." I am at a loss for words.	0.6
Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss	President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.) Boss	2.4
Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight	Wow. A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight	3.4
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz	Good read...Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz -	4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Finally Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	Great informative article that shows PepsiCo's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first	0.6
From Reagan to Obama, how we have changed as a nation	How the US has changed in my lifetime:	3.8
Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up	The New York Times: Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up	4.8
French rally: No to same-sex marriage	In France, Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage	4.4
Cuomo Raises Nearly $22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign	FOLLOW THE DINERO: Cuomo Raises $22.5 Million for Re-election Bid	4.4
Next Made-in-China Boom: College Graduates	China is investing in #education -  #highered #edpolicy	2.2
Livestrong has life after Lance	Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ?	3.2
Your top 10 flu questions answered	Build a fence around your good health! Your top flu questions answered.	3.6
Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant	Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant  #hipimplant	3.2
'Is there a worse way to live than this?'	'Is there a worse way to live?'  (cc: ) #JIDF	4.2
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	Gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue. Good work,  on your gun reform for a generation  #itsastart	2.2
National Briefing | Southwest: Arizona: Governor Relents on Medicaid	AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid:  #Medicaid	3.6
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Worth reading for the column excerpts: Pauline Phillips, Dear Abby, Dies at 94	4.6
Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China	#Myanmar s Fight With Armed #Rebels Edges Toward China  #burma #kachin	3
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Truly a sad day. At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.4
French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali	US inadvertently trained rebels: French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S.	2.2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Calorie bomb on the menu  will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals	3.4
Facebook's mobile app takes top spot	Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012	3.6
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change	An Alarm in the Offing on #ClimateChange      #ExtremeWeather #globalwarming #eco	4.6
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Syria: Deadly airstrikes in Damascus	4
Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon's Cloud Music	Two of our favorite partners,  and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute.	1.8
NRA draws heat for shooting game	Amazing, you can play violent shooting games &nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game	3.6
Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers	Worth Watching. "Set for Life" Documenting a Generation?s Fall.   #work #unemployment #babyboomer	4
787 Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy'	Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy' -  this a big mess that is not easy.	4
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	NYT Editorial: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  #research #guns #violence	4
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	Think so? They don't think so!	0
Poetry, Puppets and Playgrounds	Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith's Sunday routine:	0.4
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	Position "eliminated". Hmm. I read "exterminated". Times Executive Is Leaving	2.8
Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89	Mr. Drummond, yep...showing my age: Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	4.2
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudi Arabia defends maid's execution	3.8
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches	"Facebook has a lot of data, but it?s very noisy data."	0.8
Deadly blazes: Nightclub tragedies in recent history	CNN Recent nightclub tragedies: On Saturday, a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l...	2
North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States	North Korea sendin them threats again	3.8
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	We're all human, No MORE DEATH Please! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire, dies to protest Chinese rule	4.2
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity	3.6
Burt Reynolds 'feeling better' but still in ICU, rep says	Prayers for Burt Reynolds	2
'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer	'Taliban' is plural, but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists: .	1.2
Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them	Saudi activists say they won't be silenced~~I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully!	2.4
What to do when doctors don't listen	When doctors don't listen what can you do?	4.6
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	2.2
Restaurant Review: Arlington Club on the Upper East Side	Bending the Steakhouse Rules #food #eatingout	0.8
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs  #law #cdnpoli	3
Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department	'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept. 'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire, such a shame	3.8
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	Internet addiction of the day: 'What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie'	3.4
Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs	Great piece by  in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem:	1
Findings: Positive Procrastination, Not an Oxymoron	On the virtues of procrastination: This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year?s Day	2.2
Why France is not pacifist nation	France: We're not the pacifists you think we are -  Mali	4
Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl	The Bizarre World of Online Relationships: Image of Manti Te'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl	3.8
Washington?s Economic Boom, Financed by You	Washington's Economic Boom, Financed by You  Real life "Hunger Games"	3.8
Opinion: Hypochondria: An Inside Look	Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got Mad Cow disease.	0.4
Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $750 Million	Swatch plays a big hand on $1B Harry Winston acqusition  get it, big hand... #iexplainmyjokes	2.8
States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges	States get extension on #healthexchange timetable: : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges  #ACA #HCR	4.6
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	"Live by the sword ... " Sad and ironic. Producer of popular gun-related videos shot	2.4
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Kobe Bryant, wife to call off divorce  yaayy! lol.	4.6
Obama, Karzai to speed military transition	Excellent!?: #Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #Afghanistan, several months ahead of schedule: ?	2.6
Vincent Sombrotto, Who Led Postal Strike, Dies at 89	obit: Vincent Sombrotto, leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til Nixon sent the National Guard	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	So heartbreaking “: At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. ”	3
News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure "America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate"	3.6
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	This is interesting: "What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us"  .	3.6
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	When i first saw this sing guy on the subway, i thought he needed an article. And NYT has delivered!	2.6
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves	Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt..	3.4
Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings	This just warmed my heart: Ada Bryant and Robert Haire	1.2
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures	#New York City Ties #Doctors? #Income to #Quality of #Care	3.8
Is 'Wild West' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End?	NY Times: Dot Earth Blog: Is 'Wild West' Era for Fracking Coming to an End?	4.6
Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi	Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code! #MS fills #school2prison pipeline reports  grantee .	2.6
The Carpetbagger: 'Fruitvale,' Drama With Little Advance Buzz, Wins at Sundance	Congratulations to #Fruitvale and #BloodBrother! Sounds like #Sundance had some powerful films this year.	1.6
Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline	Sleep, perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline ”	3.8
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	My PBK membership, finally explained. Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades:	2.8
Sharapova takes on Australian boys	Tennis: Sharapova takes on boys	4.2
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	FDA may find that poop is a drug. NYTimes: When Pills Fail, This, er, Option Provides a Cure	1.6
Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions	Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case, Ripe Prose	2.2
DealBook: Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout	Peter Likes: DealBook: Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private	2.8
Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh?s Gamble With Resounding Performance	Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh's Gamble With Playoff Win	4
The Caucus: Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate	Republican Governors Open New Front in #Tax Debate Offering Bold #Solutions!	3.8
The ?Karlie? Is Turning Heads	For the record, I chopped my hair into "The Karlie" before Karlie ; )	1.4
For the U.N. and North Korea: Game On	Familiarize yourselves:  #NorthKorea	1.2
New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas	New mutations discovered in #melanoma  Useful in decoding how it develops.   #cancer	3.6
German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter	Not so good news.... NYTimes: German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter	4.4
U.N.: Stop the suffering in Syria	U.N. agencies: Stop the suffering in Syria  Again. Powerless.	4.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Lessons From Guns and a Goose	Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof: Guns are "an instrument not of protection but of escalation."	1.8
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation	NYTimes: Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs	2.6
Water brings new lows on Great Lakes	New low for water levels in the Great Lakes #Drought	4
Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party	Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile -	3
Tool Kit: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers	NYTimes: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand...	3.4
Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis	Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations.	2.2
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	So, can we just pass the ERA now? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women	4
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves	Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold  #germany #europe #USA	3.2
Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail	“: Secret Service Dog falls to its Death ”😢🐶	4.2
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	*****NYTimes: Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign*****	4.4
GOP balks at gun control proposals	#Obama plan: Tougher checks, no assault weapons -  - from  #guncontrol	1.8
Interior's Ken Salazar stepping down	Ken Salazar leaving  to spend more time with his bolo ties.	3.4
Nike unveils Rory: Tiger's heir apparent	Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger's heir apparent. $200 mil deal?!? Makes no business sense to me.	3.2
Should babies just 'cry it out'?	Should babies be allowed to 'cry it out'? #attachment #parenting	3.6
T Magazine: Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift	Look of The Moment: #TaylorSwift	4.4
NFL: Can Falcons turn it around?	The plight of the Atlanta Falcons	3
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	New York State Has Gun Control Deal, With Focus on Mental Ills	2
?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond	Tribal Lessons -'The World Until Yesterday'	2.8
In his own words: Manti Te'o on girlfriend's death	So. Odd. ?: In his own words: Manti Te'o on his girlfriend, and her death - now revealed to be a hoax: ?	3.8
Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant	J&J was aware of 40% failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants.	3.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Colorado?s Marijuana Muddle	Following #Colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely. Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess	2
Slap Shot: N.H.L.?s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls	NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls	4.2
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking	Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking  ?Let?s go Dutch?? #Gartine	4.2
Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama	Obama must prove himself on Palestine: NYTimes: Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama	4
America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow	America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad?	4.2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	It hurts my stomach.	0
The importance of a 'stop day'	Do you need a "Stop Day"	2.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	4
Recalling Pain of Guns? Toll, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	Will President Obama's gun proposals work?  Recalling Pain, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	2.4
Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison	NYT Books - Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison: ?The River Swimmer,? Ji...	4.6
Grandparents: the new techies?	Baby boomers getting tech savvy:	3.8
Kerry confirmation hearing	v  Kerry says #Iran must come clean on #nuclear program	0.6
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Woah. Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin's contract, which just expired.	4.2
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Awe - one of the original "bloggers" passes away. Pauline Phillips, Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	4.2
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	Don't get any ideas, . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China, surfs cat videos -	4.6
Op-Docs: ?The Long Wait?	Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with #MS: The Long Wait?  #sundance	2
Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu, rep says	This thing reads like one of those pre-written 'death' articles. Creepy.	0
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission:  What do you think?	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	200 dead in night club fire	2.8
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	NYT- Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles	4.6
Theater Review: ?Picnic? at American Airlines Theater	"An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway..."	1.2
Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee	Here's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes.	0.25
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	New York passes gun control bill Interesting, I like that they actually focused on mental health.	3
Miss Montana on her autism	Miss Montana has a great story to tell.  #autism	5
30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal	CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal -	5
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard. I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	2.4
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	": In today?s Gun Challenge editorial, Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform. "	3.2
In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban	In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  I'm not one of them!	3.6
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	And they never wondr WHY!! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	4.4
Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers	Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers	4.4
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	In Oz we love to scoff at US politics, gun laws etc.  Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours.	0
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Paging Orval Faubus: "Oregon sheriff: 'Unconstitutional' gun control laws won't be enforced"  #guncontrol #newtown	3.8
Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season	Golden Globes: How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts?	2
Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists	In #Turkey, mourners protest killings of #Kurds	4.4
Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Europe	Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe  #photography	3.6
An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff?s Immigration Posse: School Patrols	isn?t it sad, that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges	0
Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets	Video: Rome's colorful Collosseum:	2.8
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	What the what?! ?: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	4.6
Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Here we go again.. A man says he's 'certain' he knows where Hoffa is buried.	3.4
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia	Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia	3.6
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	Even thought I've downloaded #Google maps for #iPhone, I'm still using #Apple's built in maps. They're easier to use.	1.4
"Buried Memories" of Katie Beers	Buried Memories talks on   a never before told true story of survival, memory and recovery.	2.4
Coolest green buildings in the Gulf	The Gulf's 'green' buildings  #Amman #CNN	4
N.R.A. Attacks Obama in Video	NYTimes: N.R.A. Attacks Obama & Daughters in Video \ repugnant.	4
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes	Awful. ": More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes "	4.4
Public lashes out at Armstrong	Here is my question, is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better?	1
ArtsBeat: Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion (Whether He Wants It or Not)	The reason Kindles exist: The Onion's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden	2.8
Miami?s Design District Looks for an Upgrade	Info Miami’s Design District Looks for an Upgrade: A proposed $312 million renovation is expected to transform t...	3.4
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali - #Islamism #Sharia	4
Journalists, learn from blogger Sullivan	Journalists, take a hint from Andrew Sullivan -	4.4
The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap	This sweet love story made me weepy. No, really:	0
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	North Korea beats war drums...	3
Rise of Russians in Israel	Russian influence on rise in #Israel	4.2
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs, torn lives in northern Mali	4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Good Grief indeed, Charlie Brown gets arrested	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	“: “: Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. ” incredibly sad” horrifying	3.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column. What a life. NYTimes: Dear Abby Dies at 94	3.2
At Remote Outposts, Border Agents Sift for Clues	In Desert Outposts, Border Agents Keep Watch  #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico	3
IHT Rendezvous: Green Fashion on the Red Carpet	The closest I'll every get to Hollywood: #GreenFashion on the Red Carpet	2
Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test	Again: NYTimes: 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test	4
Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate	Some Daily on Daily crime right here. MT :  on filib. reform?unintelligible:	0.6
Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.	North Korea?s Missile Movements Worry U.S.   THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER	3.8
?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios	We are excited to see what happens!! ?South Park? Creators Start "Important Studios"  #southpark	3.8
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	CNN: Helicopter crash rains debris on London street	3.6
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ?	4.2
Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction	Is Studio 54 like the '60s- if u can remember it, u weren't really there? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54:	2.6
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change	The climate is changing, not in the distant future, but now:	2
Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World	Extreme weather: expect the unexpected	2.6
Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings	Ada Bryant and Robert Haire  You go girl!!	2.4
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	NYT on Aaron Swartz: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	4.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Ignore the headline: more than 220...click on the link for updated via CNN. We're seeing the numbers climb higher...	0.8
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	I'm regretful that it has to come to this for some.	0
WORLD: Green Questions About Greek Growth	scaryyyyy...Questioning Greek Growth	3.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	Tragic news: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	3.6
Dot Earth Blog: Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	You better believe in climate change, it's real! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	4.2
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	: Popular gun nut* shot dead in own home, NRA thinks he needed more guns	2.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	This is so sad “: 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. ”	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	Former Australian PM says "I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too."	3.4
Op-Ed Contributor: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien S?r	NYTimes: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien Sûr! A free thinker	4.25
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Good grief! Charlie Brown voice actor charged -  #law #legal	4.6
Well: Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking	SL Putting a Number on Smoking's Toll	3.4
Op-Ed Contributor: Racial Politics and Miss America	Is it a coincidence the most Miss America's come from the South?	2.6
Britain risks new recession	Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession  CNNMoney	3.4
'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital	Million Man March; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan-   #TahirulQadri #14Jan	1.8
America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow	America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow -  Good Luck Saudi :)	4.4
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts	French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech	3
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	"Not all smoothies are created equal!"	0.6
Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients	US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT	3.2
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil	NYTimes: 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil (locked security doors and band pyrotechnics)	3.6
Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers	v?a  Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C.?s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers	3.8
Op-Ed Contributor: Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China	IHT: Xiao Shu, former journalist at Southern Weekend, gives insider take on iron grip of censorship.	1.4
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	#Wtf it happened again. Police: 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #India -	2.6
The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad?	#Youth: The  wants to know: "Does #Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y?" Share HERE	3.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Da CNN: ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update'	3
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland	Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland	4.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Dear Abby, Dies at 94 . Dear Abby: Are birth control pills deductible? Bertie Dear Bertie: Only if they don?t work.	2.8
?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond	Jared Diamond book worth reading? "The World Until Yesterday"	3.8
Social media make us more honest	#Socialmedia makes folks more honest, says #Cornell prof #Facebook #LinkedIn	4.4
World's best place for water rafting?	World's best white-water rafting?  geekkenya	3.2
Casey Anthony convictions thrown out	Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out.	3.4
Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy	Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for	0.75
Online courses need human element to educate	on the need for humanity in online learning.	3.8
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Weird, just the voice? ": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. "	4
Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade	Opinionator: Misconceptions(Linda Greenhouse)	2.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Frum: U.S. gun problem is not a race problem (must read)	4.4
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts	Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France #Twitter	0.2
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures	Goed initiatief, inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen#New York City Ties Doctors? Income to Quality of Care	2.8
The 6th Floor Blog: Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz's Experiment with Images	Art meets technology before tragedy: photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times	3
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	Wow, what a story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	4
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great	3.4
Your Money: A Shocking Death, a Financial Lesson and Help for Others	Death is bad enough:	0.2
Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads	"Husbands of Hollywood"??gender-flipped satire of reality TV...& subtle commentary on limited options for black actors.	3.8
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	President Hillary! There are few things I would like more!	1.8
Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior	NYT, "Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls [Burrowing] Behavior [and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made]"	3.2
Social media make us more honest	": Social media making us more honest?  talks to  "	4.4
Opinionator | The Stone: What is a 'Hacktivist'?	Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse. Labels are powerful.	0
Public lashes out at Armstrong	Public takes its shots at Armstrong--What do you guys think of Armstrong's doping?	4
After threats against U.S., North Korea turns ire to South	After U.S. threat, North Korea turns ire on South  #military #SKorea #NKorea #US #politics	4
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms	Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons:	3.4
Win for Anthony and for Knicks	NYTimes: Victory for Anthony and for Knicks	4.8
Video shows fiery copter wreckage	The Mexican gun-tablet exchange...	0
Cond? Nast Contracts Cut Author?s Share in Film Deals	From : Cond? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute  #CondeNast	3.4
Photos: Fires across Australia	Fires threaten parts of Australia -	2.8
Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'	Feel good morning read! :) Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	3.8
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot?s Potency  #flushot #exercise #health	4.8
Bits Blog: A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away	The telecom industry just took away our rights. As of today, it's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier	3.6
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes	Awesome! #Republicans can't win on their ideas so they will change the rules!?	0.8
Well: Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis	77% of Americans use search to find diagnosis.  ?: Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ?	3.2
DealBook: Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky	The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech #dealbook	4.2
Should babies just 'cry it out'?	Should babies be left to "cry it out?"...	4.6
The Cautious Calls of John Fox	Interesting perspective on #Broncos playcalling -	2
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling	Rivals watch as Shell's #Arctic drilling hopes hit snags.  $RDS.A #Alaska #KeystoneXL #oil #politics	3.6
At War Blog: Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks	Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks  I learned something new today!!!	4
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence  nytimes or the onion article? can't tell	4.2
ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop?s ASAP Rocky	Interesting article. ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop's ASAP Rocky	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	they were so young :( #SantaMaria #tragedyinthenightclub	2.2
Architect to build home using 3-D printer	An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer. I knew those things would come in handy.	3.8
ArtsBeat: Q. and A.: Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection 'The Miniature Wife'	TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales: Manuel Gonzales Talks About 'The Miniature Wife': Mr. Gonzales's first colle...	3.8
The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School?	Philly high schoolers, join the conversation. : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School?	3.8
More lives being saved: Cancer death rates drop 20%	some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20%...	4.8
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Apparently a Suicide	0.4
Weekend Miser: ?Making Room,? at Museum of the City of New York	This is an inspiring exhibition. The way to the future. ?Making Room? in the City	3.4
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames	Jeanne Vertefeuille, who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames, died recently.	3.8
'Universal background check': What does it mean?	Wait, what?! - 'Universal background checks' defined	5
News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	Our Economic Pickle: America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	4.6
Beheading: Inhuman and illegal?	Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers: Saudi execution: Brutal, inhuman and illegal? - CNN  #p2 #p21 #tcot #ccot	2.8
Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans	Reading: How to Get America Online  via	2.4
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart	3.8
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	What's so wrong with researching it? What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us	3.8
Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director	Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet,  with all the details:	4.4
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	#Java compromised take necessary action	2.4
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	#Morsi: "Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them: for Zionists, for Jews"	2.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	NYTimes:Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated, organized and professionalized? in history	4
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	Lean in Sisters....NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss	3.8
Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends	Pakistan bomb victims' families end protest	2.6
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes	This could play out very interesting....	0
Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast	Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense  Good news!	2
N.Y./Region: Geechie Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	2.4
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign  #itsecurity #cyberspy	3.8
A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in New Orleans	Great NY Times article: “: “: A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in #NewOrleans	4.4
Staying Alive: Why I'm Looking for a New Bank	Great article &comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank.	1.8
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	PUT UP YOUR NUKES [dukes]! "North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S."   jacques	2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Calorie bomb disasters on the menu	3
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	ICYMI:"As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics"	3.75
Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	If uv not seen #Crazy #Love, u should. NYTimes: Linda Riss #Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	4.4
Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki: Hand over soldiers behind shootings or 'face losses'	Question is: Does this mean Civil War? Probably not. But still not a good situation #Iraq	0.6
Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race	Couldn't agree more with the facts here:	0
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	Interesting article for parents who support their college kids: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	3.2
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	New York's Cuomo signs gun control bill. 1 down 49 to go!	3.4
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes	SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes	4.2
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	WTF India?!!  This has got to stop.	0.8
'Bounty hunter' battles FIFA on Facebook	CNN Soccer's 'bounty hunter' takes on FIFA: A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta...	3.6
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	Dey stay preppin'... The Preppers Next Door	2
Boy given pot to manage his autism	Family uses pot to manage son's autism... Wow	5
Arts | Long Island: ?Attack of the Bloodsuckers!? at the Long Island Children?s Museum	“Long Island: ‘Attack of the Bloodsuckers!’ at the Long Island Children’s Museum ”  if you want to scare leo	4.2
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again, bravo	0
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz	Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what's best about the Net.	3.2
Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground	Female Directors Gain Ground, Slowly  The storyteller?s gender matters.	3.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	wtf?? » ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.2
Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park	#Cosmos Unveil Plan for #Soccer Stadium Near #BelmontPark  #NYS #NY #LongIsland #EconDev	4.4
Lives: We Were Joy Division	Theme? Ppl trying to sell stuff that's not theirs...  cc:  #JoyDivision #music	0.2
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives	NYTimes: Smartphones Become Life?s Remote Control --- amazing	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Breaks my heart ": 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. "	3.2
Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali	op-ed - Why We Must Help Save #Mali  #Africa #HelpMali	4.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Omg. At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.4
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	Another GangRape in India! WTF! :( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India -	3.2
Police: YouTube leads to pot bust	Social media can be a friend or foe but it doesn't raise your IQ -  - Police: YouTube videos lead to pot bust	3.4
Venezuela: Chavez is improving	He's dead! ?: Venezuela says Hugo Chavez's condition is improving ?	3.8
Recipes for Health: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health	NYTimes: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata	4.4
Exotic culinary tours around the world	Salivating! ?: Exotic culinary tours from around world ?	4.4
Cycling: Armstrong apologizes to staff	"Still own a Livestrong bracelet? Tell us about it." (CNN)	1.2
Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench	Leave it to a lawyer from #Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence.	3
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	#coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit, gets fired.	2.2
Africa's top 5 stories this week	Africa: The Top 5 stories of the week are ... -	5
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	Awkward! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim	4.8
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	When Pills Fail, This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff	1.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Dear Abby, we miss you already. How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit! "Dear Abby, Dies at 94"	3.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause  #AaronSwartz #MITfail #badbranding	4.6
How all-American hero fell to earth	How an all-American hero fell to earth - . (Where have all the REAL heroes gone?)	4.2
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest. Again.	3.2
Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race	More accurate (albeit less catchy) title would be "India is 2nd place" not "losing", but still interesting:	2.2
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames	Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy, Dies at 80	3.8
?Propaganda? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes: ‘Propaganda’ by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	3.6
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence	Families of #Newtown Victims Look for Answers on #Gun Violence  #NRA	3
Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Really? Man says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	4
Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans	NYTimes: How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by  on regulating the big ISPs	1.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Time to ban nighclubs.	1.2
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	'here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie' & get unlimited on-set access: superb journalism.	3
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea	North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South  #North #South #Korea #UN #sanctions #war #R2PH	4.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	In complete shock! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	4.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	Armstrong's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true.	2.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	This is what happened in Brazil if you don't know x	1.2
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	Although Truth is a the higher standard...: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission	4.2
F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s	NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s	3.2
Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement	Aww  ?: Britney Spears calls off engagement ?	4.4
Parenting.com's top baby names	The top baby names of 2013 -   (gee, my name is not on there ;o))) )	1.4
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	This shouldn't be the problem that it is. Ready-set-go. NYTimes: As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics	3.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Damn smh ": Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. "	3.2
ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action series	Could it be good? Sounds intriguing... ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action TV series -	4
Online courses need human element to educate	Online courses still need a human element...	4.6
'Enough is enough,' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban	Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent? #pols1101	1.8
Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy	The history of temp agencies: Using the sexism of the '60s to expand "right under the noses of powerful labor unions."	1
Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm	great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy	3.2
Media Decoder Blog: Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'GMA'	Amen! ": Good news .... My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'Good Morning America' "	4.2
Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town?	Who stole precious relics from Mo. church?	5
'Fireflies' to scope out space rocks for mining	Firefly: 2015 is happening...... as a NASA mining vessel. #fireflyreturnskinda	2.2
Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack	Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali, reports say -	1
Paul Theroux?s Travel Wish List	I wish I could be this man #PaulTheroux My #Travel Wish List  via	3.6
Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike, With Thermals and Fleece	40 Miles to Work, on a Bike:  -- Incredible!	4.2
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	Oh so clever,  weighs in on #obesity fight	2.4
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes	The entrusted Muslim brotherhood	0
The importance of a 'stop day'	I need a 'stop day' in my life.  #CNN	2.8
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	Great piece by  "The gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in Syria" -	3.4
Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire	Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire  via Talmud Blog	3.4
The Lede Blog: Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te'o	Highlights From Katie Couric's Interview With Manti Te'o	4.6
App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart	Apps to help you ski:  via NY Times	2.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	2.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	nsfw ?: Best obit opening I've read in a long time. Dear Abby Dies at 94 ?	2.8
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far...The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	2.6
Motherlode Blog: An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss, Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet, and Wrote a Book About It.	I'd like to read this. MT : Interview with DL Weiss, Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It.	4.4
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling	NYT botches description of "crushed beer can" fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell's Arctic troubles	0.6
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	The Preppers Next Door  Who wants to join MY group?	1.8
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Driven by a need to compete or remorse?  Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	3.4
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Good for him.	3.8
Forms at the doctor's just got fun	Love this--Forms at the doctor's office just got fun -	4.8
Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery	Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB  (via Instapaper)	3
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	setting the bar, good move! "Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job"	4
Strategies: Apple Stock Isn?t a Bellwether, Even if It?s Big	NYTimes: Apple May Be Big, but It Isn’t a Bellwether (my column)	4.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Schrecklich! 😢 “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	2.8
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches	Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal?	4
Activist gets 10 years for king insult	What is the price of insulting the #king in #Thailand? 10 years in #prison for #activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk	3.2
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws He's 1 black guy, they r US laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia&racism	2.2
Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data	Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research, Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care	2.2
ArtsBeat: 'Mad Men' Set to Return on April 7	NYTimes: ?Mad Men? Set to Return on April 7. Excellent news.	4.6
Greek FM: Small chance of euro exit	Greek FM: Small chance Greece leaves EU	4.6
The front lines in fight for women	'Dad, it's only my books I am friends with.'   #Malala #womenonthefrontline	1.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	lovely tribute, her responses to readers' qtns priceless. Read bacon frying and you could move. Dear Abby Dies at 94	3.8
Country with freest economy is...	Which country has most economic freedom?  #economy #economics	4.6
'4-hour' work guru on outsourcer	'4-hour' work guru on China outsourcer: Bad karma - CNN International	3.6
The Choice Blog: Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa	Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the #FAFSA #finaid #scchat	4.6
Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines	Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades.	1.75
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	Finally a little RESPECT for Vets! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	": Breaking: 250 killed, 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno. " Crazy	3
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope	"Pray for Me". Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope	3.2
Q. and A.: With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline	John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline.  #music	4.4
Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?	An rising star on London's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden	2.8
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	Casting: Lindsay Lohan, careening debt and porn stars. What could go wrong? What Happens When You Hire LL.	2.6
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid's execution  #p2 #tcot	4
Winfrey?s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through	HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he'll use whoevr2bring it?Winfrey's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through	3.8
Op-Ed Contributor: How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds	A MUST READ! by ! How #Turkey Can Make Peace With the #Kurds	4.2
Making It Last: Conservative Meets Liberal, and 40-Year Marriage Begins	Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage, and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier	2.25
French Say Airstrikes in Mali ?Blocked? Rebel Advance	What exactly is going on in Mali?  @	1.6
The new 'Bradys' of gun control?	Gabby and Mark: The new Bradys of gun control #TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM	3.4
NRA's video game hypocrisy	NRA's video game smacks of hypocrisy #NRA #guncontrol	4.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Frum: #US. #gun problem is not a race problem	4.6
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	All from a kid starting an online petition. NYTimes: PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	4.2
Pacino to Play Paterno in Film	Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma's tentatively entitled film "Happy Valley"  #sportsbiz	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Source say at least 150 ": At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. "	3.6
Opinion: Darwin Was Wrong About Dating	NYTimes: Debunking Darwin. Was He Wrong About Dating? #sex #gender	3.8
You're the Boss Blog: More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees	From the She Owns It business group... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees	3.6
Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines	Well, at least we know the slides work now.	0
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	NYTimes: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us -Couldn't agree more! e.g., research on IPV homicides & guns is critical.	3.4
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings	BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd	2.6
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	The deadly toll of cluster bombs in #Syria	3
Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'	! pay it forward - Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	4.4
Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village	Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times: ?I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ?Hollywood Jack??	1
In the Garden: Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap	Flowers in winter?  Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials.	1.8
Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws	Go #Obama. Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns	4.2
Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister	Is #Pakistan becoming "#SouthAsia's #Dreamliner"? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf	4.2
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the #iPhone #HealthIT #hcsm	4
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest. #MisspentYouth	0
A 20-Something?s Web Site for Women Over 40	A Generation Gap? Not on This Web Site (Harvard Business School)	1
Eddie Huang Defies Description	Eddie Huang in the NY Times. i vibe this dude so hard	1.6
A more equal military? Bring back draft	Rangel: More equal military? Bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military	3.8
France vows to halt Mali jihadists	France confronts Mali jihadists	3.4
The Choice Blog: Lessons From a College Student: Finding Your Fit on Campus	The amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming! Choose carefully before dedicating your time:	3
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	Lol..errm.."test" on the U.S. of A.? #damn!: North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S.: ?	3
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern	#Morsi ?s Slurs Against #Jews Stir Concern  Does any one in #Obama 's administration know how to read #English?	3.6
Vine is Twitter's attempt to become the 'Instagram of video'	"Vine is Twitter's attempt to be the Instagram of Video," Form a nerdier sentence. Don't try! Its Impossible!	4
Sanford, Ex-Governor of South Carolina, to Run for Congress	Mark Sanford, the ex-Governor of South Carolina & "Hiking the Appalachian Trail", to Run for Congress	4
The 46 Places to Go in 2013	Where to Go in 2013 by !   offers insightful explorations to most of these!	3.2
Parenting.com's top baby names	peter is not in the top ten but mo, bertie and gus are?: "The top baby names of 2013"	1.6
Gun Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack at Queens School	NYTimes: #Queens #School Is Locked Down After #Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack  is there no end?	4
Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89	What choo talkin' bout Mr. D......RIP Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	4.6
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	Facebook unveils new search tool:	4.8
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	#GunReform for a Generation	2.2
Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda?s Role	Is it me, or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar? In Ads, Coke Confronts Soda?s Link to Obesity	3.8
High & Low Finance: Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy	Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy	4.2
Williams Starts Strong, but Nets Don?t Follow in Loss to Rockets	Williams Starts Fast, but Pace Suits Rockets	3.6
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie	QUEBRA TUDO!!! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ‘Star Wars’ Movie	4.8
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	WOW:  announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions. They anticipate 100k+ hires:	2.8
In Britain, Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell	In Britain, Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB,THEY GOT "FOOTBALL"2 KEEP THEM BORED.	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire " Kropp left that country in the nick of time.	2.8
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking	dutch automat  Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking	3.4
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia	Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia  omg!	3
News Analysis: Military Tribunals and International War Crimes	Who Decides the Laws of War?  It belongs in civilian courts.	1
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News	4.4
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills	2.4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Lance Armstrong [Finally] Admits Doping, Says He Will Testify	4
Hong Kong takes Internet speed title	Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps.	3.8
Victim's son: It was a hate crime	Where is justice? 'They ran him over because he was black'	1.2
Doctor and Patient: When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring	reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again.	3
Sheen wants to return to 'Two and a Half Men'	Sheen wants to return to '2.5 Men' but has his past image ruined that? #coePR205	3.8
Challenges of being woman in India	Good Read: Challenges for Women in India:	4.2
Richard G. Stern, a Writers? Writer, Is Dead at 84	NYTimes: Richard G. Stern, Writers? Writer, Dies at 84 Big loss	4
Opinion: TV, The Thinking Person?s Entertainment of Choice	Fantastic read from  on imprtnce of narratives: "...stories, not algorithms, give order to our hectic world."	0
IHT Rendezvous: 2012: The Year of Extreme Weather	"2012: The Year of Extreme #Weather" :  #ClimateChange #Drought #NationalClimateAssessment #GlobalChangeResearch	4
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	La vision am?ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign	3
A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew	Sweet, sweet story. NYTimes: A Doll?s Magic, Free to Renew	3.8
A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It	A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER -	4.6
Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly	" (UK fave) "Mate, why don't skip killing people night? It's too cold." -NYC murderers in last 9 days	3.2
Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection	Take that Texas. White House Rejects Petitions to Secede, but Texans Fight On	3.8
New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations	No Deal on Teacher's Union Evaluations; NYC Risks Losing $450 Million	1.4
A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It	Interesting perspective... NYTimes: A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It	4.2
Working behind China's 'Great Firewall'	Battle behind China's 'Firewall'	3.75
The Lede Blog: Live Updates on Armstrong's Oprah Interview	NYTimes: Analysis of Armstrong?s Interview With Winfrey it's shame (but we know it) #congrutalionlance	3.6
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	Too many s*tty men in India: another gang rape	2.8
Booze saves puppy's life	Vodka is saving lives! Well, a puppy's life...	4.2
U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears	jl #NYT: U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody  #p2 #topprog	3
T Magazine: Street Style from the Couture in Paris	Loving the street style from the #Couture in #Paris #Fashion	4
Give Lance another chance?	asked many people (including yours truly) if #LanceArmstrong deserves another chance. Interesting views	3.2
Today's photo: Thai temple	Travel photos that you wish you had taken -	1.2
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	#Pentagon to lift combat ban for women... How about banning combat for men??	3.2
The Carpetbagger: Doing Good (and Burnishing Images, Too)	Doing Good (and Burnishing Images Too)  #celebrity #charity	3.8
Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank	Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions	3.6
Well Pets: Holly the Cat's Incredible Journey	'Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners,' and more in this cat story.	2
Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth	Union membership falls to 97-year low, 11.3%. People will still find ways to blame them for everything.	1.6
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Who spends so much money on food? That's so retarded :) The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	1.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.25
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	#Google Gains From Creating Apps for #iPhone. Google Maps is #1 #App.	3.2
Disruptions: U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem	Get it together Sun (#Oracle)! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java. #CyberSecurity	3.4
Acid attack on Russia ballet director	unreal ?: If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director. ?	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Tragic. My thoughts and prayers go out to all..."At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire"	3.2
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	Potentially explosive legal battle: Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	3.8
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines	Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins: Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines,...	4
Hanging On: In Debt, and Digging Deeper to Find Relief	Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making.	2.2
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	Holy crap! :( "2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London"	3.6
American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice	U.S. single-malt #whiskey has arrived	3.2
Allergy bullying: When food is a weapon	Allergy-bullying? Apparently this is a real problem.	3
World awaits Oprah's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything?	World awaits Oprah's Armstrong interview not me I'm not watching	3.6
America flunks its health exam	Homicide #2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns	0
A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew	A Library doll is loaned out to children:	1.8
Senate key to fixing Washington	Senate holds key to fixing Washington -   thanks for that insight Ari #p2 #tcot	4.4
Cuba limits travel for athletes, workers	#Cuba restricts travel for 'skilled' people	3
What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending?	what is driving our growth in government spending #facts	4
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	It's a start! Kudos to this kid!!! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	3.8
Reform is a long shot in current Congress	Obama-backed gun bills a long shot. "This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on."	0.4
5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings	Beyond the media's coverage of her emotions, #Clinton put out good info: Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings	3.6
Why France is not pacifist nation	2#France: We're not the pacifists you think	4.2
FiveThirtyEight: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats	Change the rules = Prez Romney: “: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats ”	3
Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads	As Seen on TV! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture	0.6
Fear, confusion in Algerian hostage crisis	: Report: 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces	2
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Pray they'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant, wife calling off divorce -	4.2
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Harrowing stories: Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali	4.2
Slap Shot: N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday	#NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday  #ABASAL #Antitrust	4.8
How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers	Over 50, and Under No Illusions  Over 50? Invent yourself everyday!	1
A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon?s Partisan Book Reviews	The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil? NYTimes: Swarming a Book Online	0.6
6 trends from CES 2013	Cool stuff: 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 -	4.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire. :(	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire.	3.8
Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions	Ouch, possibly? “: NYTimes: Japan’s Business Culture Hovers Over Boeing’s Battery Choice ”	2
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	What a loss of a great & inspirational mind! Internet Activist, a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide	3.4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	It's Jail Time, Charlie Brown	3
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	At long last, the truth... Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	I am calling BS!!! NYTimes: Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	4.2
App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart	If you're a skier or snow-boarder, you'll dig these: On Snowy Slopes, Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen.	1.2
Was Obama's historic speech divisive?	David Gergen says Obama's 2nd inaugural will deepen division.  #Didn'tSeeItComing	2.4
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	Please Read: 's  piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #Syria:	3
How Facebook's Graph Search could disrupt online dating	#CSIS388_Dave Facebook disrupting online dating	3.6
U.S. steps up involvement in Mali	U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp#pppj##p#pl###p###p	4.2
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.  One of the only things I would agree with Howard on.	1.8
Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal	So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network. - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal	3.4
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss smart, as usual	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Wow": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.4
Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing	Hot #Luxury news: Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land? , see more	4.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Everyone should read 's CNN column from today:	0
Police, protesters clash in Pakistan	#BREAKING: #Police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #Pakistan's government -	4
Egypt's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial	Mubarak goes to jail	1.2
What?s in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	Honestly where are people's rights being ruined in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	3.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	This is odd! tsk! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	4.2
Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals	Great to have  in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President's push for gun control.	2
Op-Ed Columnist: The Point of Lance Armstrong	The classic American fame and blame game. The Point of Lance	3.2
Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row	#Djokovic sets sights on #Paris party	2.4
Pakistan?s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation	#Pakistan’s Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry	4
The Neediest Cases: After Foster Care, Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters	Kinship care & siblings: After #FosterCare Yrs, a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters	4.4
GOP balks at gun control proposals	Looks like we could get something right	0
The TV Watch: Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes	You should read this: The Lifting of a Veil, Discreetly	4
Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?	Interesting Piece! Being Bin Laden  #films #zerodarkthirty	3.2
Piers, guest clash over AR-15s	U ds boi ehn": Piers slams guest over AR-15s "	4.2
For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem	Bad tweet (news) of the day": For Rape Victims in India,Police r Often Part of Problem reports "	4.8
Movie Review: ?Gangster Squad? With Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone	These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing	0
Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic	Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #Zeman #CzechRepublic	2.4
How to get 10 million followers on Twitter	Artley: Getting 10 million Twitter followers	4
Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy	hmmm she's filing for bankruptcy..	2.8
IHT Rendezvous: Mali Need Not Be France's Afghanistan	#Mali Need Not Be France?s Afghanistan	4
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings	War on Evil? War on Sociopaths? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff.	1
China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis	be safe. i've heard on the news about china's air pollution that is terrible	1.2
Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero	A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo	4.4
D. Brainerd Holmes, Top NASA Official, Dies at 91	NYTimes: D. Brainerd Holmes, a Leader in Space Race, Dies at 91	3.6
House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims	179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for #Sandy Victims	3.8
On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending	Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change.	1
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	NYT Most Emailed: Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles: The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199...	4.4
Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl	It is laughable to believe the whole story, they never met? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te?o Swirl	3
John Sheardown, Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	Who'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian? NYT: Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	3.6
'Vampire Diaries' spinoff pilot coming to The CW	'Vampire Diaries' spinoff coming to The CW, it's based in Nola!	4.4
The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin	Poor creature MT  Amid 2d-guessing, marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal.	3.6
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes	CNN: Egypt clashes: A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe...	0.8
Lance's classic quotes	lance armstrong quotes, pure gold	4
Gas prices tick up slightly	Gas prices creep up a bit	5
Straight Sets: Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	Indian Star (Sania Mirza) Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	3.8
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence	Parent is defined as a point of origin. I'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben. Not by a very long measure	0.8
Facebook introduces 'Graph Search'	New #Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile (phew!) - rather a new feature, #GraphSearch.	3.4
The Carpetbagger: Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't Say)	Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't) Say  Gotta be honest: I had not idea what she was saying. #goldenglobes	4
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide.	3.4
New York Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals	MT : NY Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals  \\ the importance of disaster OM	4.6
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	a case when you might want to take someone else's shit...	0
Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals	Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling. NYTimes: Looking Upstream in Doping Cases	3.2
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	#Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any #Veteran Who Wants a #Job	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	awful way to go out...": At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3.4
The importance of a 'stop day'	The importance of taking a day off	4.4
Study: More to Meal Delivery Than Food	Care of the Elderly: the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels.	2
Opinion: Our Talking, Walking Objects	NYTimes: Talking, Walking Objects (this is a fantasy world for geeky me)	3.6
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	What a dope(r)... NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital	'Million Man March' Threatens #Pakistan Capital - CNN,	4.2
?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios	This is gonna be fantastic for entertainment:	0.2
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. " Please tell me he said good grief...	4.2
French court: Twitter must identify racist users	, is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist, anti-Semitic posters,  via	3
Ask Well: Do I Need a Flu Shot if I've Had the Flu?	Flu season is here, let's clear something up: "Do I Need a Flu Shot if I?ve Had the Flu?"	4.6
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Kobe Bryant, wife say they are calling off #divorce -	5
Clinton: We can make a difference	Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service	1.6
Opinionator | Schooling: The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet	Did you read the  #Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers? Liza Lee was interviewed.  #edchat	3
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	MT  Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance	2
Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)	uhhhh 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling yummie	3.8
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch (from )	4.6
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	NYTimes: GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby.	2.2
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation	Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing:	2.8
Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest	Florida's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest. - ...	4
Media Decoder Blog: Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago	Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to #Chicago  Love it. Great call & Congrats	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	180! “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	3.4
Strategies: In Investing, at Least, It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie	Are you better off "playing for a tie" in #investing:	4
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise	4.2
Op-Ed Columnist: For Obama?s Second Term, Start Here	For Obama?s New Term, Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Worst nightmare! ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.4
Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs	Anyone tried this?? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs	4.4
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	Damn, maybe I shouldn't be so sanguine about the London fog:	1
New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike	#NYC school bus drivers go on strike  NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime	3
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	How about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	2.8
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	Good Read. Agree - Mostly ": Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades  "	3.6
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie	J.J. Abrams set to direct ?Star Wars: Episode VII?	4.2
Teacher talks armed student into giving up, police say	To face someone that already shot a student.. ": I'm no hero, says teacher who talked down armed student. "	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	() Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world. #FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire.	1.6
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Tea Party Unhappy. Fox News Fires Sarah #Palin	3.6
The Pour: In Describing Wines, 5 Words Not to Fear	on point...5 Wine Words Not to Fear	4.2
In Quebec, a Winter Celebration on Skis	See also: NYTimes: In Quebec, a Celebration on Skis	5
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	Life begins at conception, unless cas is involved.	1.2
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea	This would be a very, very bad idea DPRK. North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions:	3.4
In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban	In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  hmmmmmmmm . . . .	3.4
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	About damn time!!! New York governor signs nation's first gun-control bill since Newtown -	4.2
Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight	Unemployment in #Spain Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight...	5
Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops	Timothy Cook, Apple?s CEO, said the pipeline of products was ?chock-full.? ?We feel great about what we have in store?	0.6
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	Read that Facebook has launched a new tool () to search its huge database of social graph data.	3.4
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	Don't know why I can't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	4
ArtsBeat: Second Stage Theater Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	I wish I could see this, it sounds cool! Second Stage Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	3.8
Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	NYTimes: #LindaRissPugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75  #crazylove	4.4
In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say	3D version of ?Top Gun? was rejected by #China's censors. The line "religion is darkness' in "Life of Pi" gt the X too	1
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	.  Kobe just saved about $100 Mil	1.6
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry's few good spokespeople.	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	RIP I have no words :( At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire -	3.8
Property Values: Real Estate for $1.6 Million	Property Values: What You Get for ... $1.6 Million	4.4
Either With Him or Against Him	#Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by  in the NYTimes	0
India?s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women?s Perils	India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards??	2.6
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants!!!	1
U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote	#Britain’s Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on #EuropeanUnion	4.8
Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions	Where in the world is Àfrica? Selection of the Boeing 787's Battery Maker Raises Questions	4
Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines	women have 'taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed.'	2
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Thomas hasn't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said "Well he did not"	3.8
Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting	Kids can't trust anyone!! ": 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers: "	3.8
Pentagon ends ban on women in combat	Pentagon to lift combat ban	3.4
U.S., other nations ground Dreamliners	U.S., other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk  (CNN)	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	I don't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US	1.25
Neighborhood Joint | West Village: 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village	Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got 'em. #NabeJoint	3.2
ArtsBeat: James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead	HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go: The producers says he's gotten the rights from th...	4.2
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	This is interesting - NYTimes: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	3.6
Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters	Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta	4.2
Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?	Great idea":Should make capital gains regressive over time, based upon how long capital invested  #StartupAct"	2
Pentagon to open combat jobs to women	Pentagon breaking news, this going to be a big debate.	1.2
Nigeria waits for 'African Spring'	Omo dey go tey : Opinion: Nigerians still waiting for their 'African Spring' Sowore -	3.8
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland	Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware *Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland -	4.6
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online internet Aaron Swartz  commits suicide, relative says	4.8
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Got a flu shot? Exercising can make it work even better. from	4.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	For #Armstrong it's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always.  #doprah	1
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	Disruptions: Design Rivals Technology in Importance   : Nice quotes!	3.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Before there was Dear Sugar, there was Deary Abby: Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions, Dies at 94	4
France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger	"France Is Increasing Security at Sites in #Niger and at Home."  #Uranium #Mali	4.6
2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty	On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts:  #dailywhale	2.4
U.N. Security Council slams North Korea, expands sanctions	N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions	1.4
Personal Best: Training Insights From Star Athletes	Training Tips From Star Athletes  #motivation #fitness	5
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	Interesting article! She’s (Rarely) the Boss	2.75
Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?	Christensen: We are living capitalist's dilemma	3.25
Prince Harry most eligible bachelor	the ginger in me loves that world's #1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily	0.8
DealBook: British Retailer HMV Enters Equivalent of Bankruptcy	:-\ HMV gone into bankruptcy equivalent...	4.2
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	Really people??? ?: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?	3
British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali	British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case	3.8
?Selected Letters of William Styron?	DAILY REVIEW: Selected Letters of William Styron  #Review	4
