If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.	You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	3.00
At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.	I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	0.60
Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.	Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	1.00
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.	This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	0.60
If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.	If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	0.80
You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").	I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	2.40
The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.	My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	1.00
You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.	If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	0.20
For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.	In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.	0.60
You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.	It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	3.60
I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.	The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	0.20
You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.	I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	0.20
I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.	Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	0.00
I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.	I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.	0.00
I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.	Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	1.20
I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.	This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	0.00
In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.	A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	0.40
The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.	As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	0.40
Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	3.00
In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.	It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	4.40
It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.	The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.	3.20
The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.	All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	3.40
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	3.40
The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).	According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	3.60
I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.	All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	0.80
There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.	We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".	0.80
When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.	Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	1.00
Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.	Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	1.60
Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.	Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	1.00
The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.	As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	3.20
You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.	A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	2.00
Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.	The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	0.00
It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.	Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	0.60
I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".	A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.	0.00
Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.	Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	1.40
The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.	Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	2.00
Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.	Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	2.60
On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.	It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	4.20
Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.	It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	2.80
According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.	I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	0.00
There are many arguments for why this is not the case.	There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	0.00
There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.	Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.	2.00
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.	As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	0.00
One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.	Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	2.60
According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.	Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	2.60
This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.	Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	0.00
Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.	When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	2.60
This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.	Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	0.00
I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.	These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	1.60
I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.	Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	0.00
Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.	If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	0.60
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?	The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	1.80
Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.	I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	3.80
I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.	In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	1.60
Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.	The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	3.20
The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.	There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	2.60
I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...	I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	3.00
By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.	I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	1.40
Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.	I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	1.60
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.	Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.	1.60
I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.	I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	1.00
In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.	I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	1.80
Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.	I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	1.80
Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.	The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	1.40
Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.	They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	2.60
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.	This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	2.00
There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).	Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	1.00
White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.	A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	1.40
I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.	Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	0.60
Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.	Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	1.40
The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.	She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and "have" told you in advance.	0.40
There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.	In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	1.80
I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.	I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	4.00
"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.	The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	0.60
As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.	I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	2.80
There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.	I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	2.60
Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.	If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	2.60
Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.	Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.	0.60
Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.	Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say "named" is preferred within the context of your example.	4.40
I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.	In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".	2.20
As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.	The "more posh" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.	1.00
In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.	I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.	0.00
I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.	The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	1.60
The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.	I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	1.80
"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.	As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	3.80
Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.	Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.	3.00
I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".	This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.	1.40
The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.	Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.	3.00
I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.	Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.	0.40
Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.	In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	3.60
Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.	Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	3.40
Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.	If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	2.80
There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.	There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	4.20
No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.	You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.	4.20
Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.	Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	1.80
Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.	I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	1.00
Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.	Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	2.00
Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.	I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	1.00
Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.	Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	1.60
There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.	If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	2.60
A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.	I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	3.20
As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.	Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	0.40
In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.	Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	0.00
You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.	First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	0.00
I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.	Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	2.20
I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).	I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.	1.50
Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.	It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	0.60
Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.	Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	4.00
I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.	There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	1.80
I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.	Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	0.60
I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.	Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	1.60
Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.	Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	2.40
First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.	To paraphrase a common saying, "One man's weed is another man's lawn".	1.00
We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.	Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	2.00
The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).	Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.	1.60
Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.	So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	0.20
Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.	In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	0.20
It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.	There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	2.00
I reccomend "Monkey Grass" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!	I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.	0.00
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.	Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.	3.20
Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.	Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	1.00
The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.	If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	2.00
Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.	The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.	2.40
Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.	I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	0.00
Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.	Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	1.60
I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.	This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	3.80
Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.	Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	1.20
The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.	The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	2.00
The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.	Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	1.00
There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.	While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	2.00
They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.	To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	0.60
The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.	"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	0.00
This relates to the "discovery" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.	In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.	0.00
That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	3.40
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.	2.60
There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.	Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	0.40
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.	Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	2.80
The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.	By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	2.00
As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.	There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	1.60
As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.	"The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.	1.40
I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	1.20
A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).	Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	2.20
I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.	The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.	0.60
Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.	Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	2.60
In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.	Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	3.00
Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.	In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	2.20
It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.	The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	1.80
In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.	In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	0.60
I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.	A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.	0.00
Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.	The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	1.60
Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.	Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	0.80
One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.	All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	0.20
Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.	Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	1.00
As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.	In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	2.80
This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.	As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.	0.60
As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.	Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	2.80
"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.	A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	1.60
This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.	If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	1.40
According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.	From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	1.40
No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.	A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.	3.00
In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.	A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	3.20
Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.	Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	2.80
GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.	GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	3.40
American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.	Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	2.00
Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.	So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	2.80
Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.	In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	0.00
Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.	I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.	0.20
If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.	A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	0.80
Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.	An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	0.00
I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.	It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	4.20
Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.	As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	0.20
Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.	Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	3.20
You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.	Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	0.00
The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.	If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	0.60
Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).	Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	0.00
My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.	My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	4.80
I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.	You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	3.80
You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.	He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	1.80
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?	I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	0.40
Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.	Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	2.60
We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.	Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	1.60
Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.	A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".	1.40
Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.	I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	2.00
Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.	A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	1.80
I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".	The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	1.20
It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.	You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	0.80
The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.	You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	2.20
As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.	Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	3.20
Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).	Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	1.40
We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.	I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	1.40
An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.	I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	0.00
Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.	My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	1.60
You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.	Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	0.80
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.	Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	2.80
I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.	Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.	1.80
Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.	Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	0.67
In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.	Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	2.60
I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.	Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	0.40
We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.	It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	2.40
First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.	Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.	2.80
To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.	Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	2.00
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.	3.00
I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.	I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	2.60
They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.	Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	1.80
Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.	It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.	3.80
Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.	I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	3.00
In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.	How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	1.40
First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.	First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	1.60
The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.	The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	0.00
Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.	My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	0.60
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...	Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	0.00
As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.	Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	3.40
As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.	You should take this animal to a vet right away.	3.60
Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.	The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	2.20
John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.	There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	3.00
You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.	Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	1.80
A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.	The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	2.40
Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.	I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	2.60
We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.	We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	1.40
Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.	The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	1.60
Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	1.60
Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.	Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	1.40
Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?	Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	2.80
I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.	I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	3.80
The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.	Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	3.40
My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.	People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	0.00
sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.	The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.	2.00
It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.	I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	0.00
Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.	It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	3.80
Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.	I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	0.20
Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?	If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	0.60
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.	The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	1.80
Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.	I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's "solution", you must take in account the original (historical) context.	1.80
As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.	Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called "complex" or "imaginary" numbers.	1.20
wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.	The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	0.00
I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.	Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	1.00
Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.	As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.	0.40
It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.	I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	0.80
An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.	When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	3.00
Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).	Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	3.80
There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.	There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	3.20
The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.	Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.	2.60
It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).	When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	3.00
In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.	You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	2.60
If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.	I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	1.80
There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.	I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	2.60
In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.	I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	0.80
Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.	A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	1.60
It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.	Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	0.60
I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.	Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.	2.60
Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.	I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	1.20
Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.	The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	0.00
Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.	The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.	2.40
Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.	For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	0.40
If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.	Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	0.60
If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.	Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	1.00
In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.	Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	2.60
DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.	Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	4.00
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.	Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	3.60
There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.	The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	2.60
Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.	Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	1.60
The function of the german president is almost just representative.	The president is not really all that important for German people.	4.00
While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.	In a "first-past-the-post" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.	3.00
Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.	The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	0.60
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.	Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	0.00
To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.	Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	0.40
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.	I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	0.40
There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.	No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	2.00
The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.	Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	0.60
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.	This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	0.00
As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.	According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	3.20
They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.	Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	2.80
In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.	Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	2.60
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.	Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.	2.80
This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.	The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	0.20
As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.	Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.	3.20
To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.	Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.	0.60
I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.	As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	3.60
I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.	The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	0.00
One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.	I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	0.00
The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.	A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	0.00
I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.	Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	0.00
As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.	I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	2.20
I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	0.00
I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.	Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	0.40
There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.	To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	0.00
Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.	I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	2.60
Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.	The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.	0.80
Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.	I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	0.40
I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.	I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	3.00
What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.	The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	2.20
Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.	I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	0.60
My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.	Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	3.40
13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.	Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	2.20
http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.	I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	1.80
There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.	I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	0.80
There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.	Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.	0.00
I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.	Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	1.60
The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.	There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	2.80
The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.	I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.	1.67
It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.	I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	1.80
Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.	On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.	2.80
It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.	I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	0.00
I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.	First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	0.60
Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.	I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	1.80
Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?	I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	0.40
The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.	It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	0.20
Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.	We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.	0.00
Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.	Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	1.40
"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.	First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	0.00
In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.	According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	0.60
The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.	I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	0.80
Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.	Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	0.20
It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.	Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	2.20
Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.	Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	1.80
The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.	This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	0.20
Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.	Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	4.00
There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.	Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	4.20
Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.	It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	4.40
Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.	Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	3.00
Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!	We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.	2.60
This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...	If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	0.60
In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.	Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	3.20
Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.	It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	2.60
Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.	To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	1.20
Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.	Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	3.00
I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.	Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	0.00
There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.	There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.	2.60
It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.	Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	1.20
From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.	At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.	2.80
There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.	I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	0.20
Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.	The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	1.80
That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.	Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	0.00
I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.	Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	0.00
As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.	No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	3.00
The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.	I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	0.00
Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.	As per FIFA's "Equipment Regulations", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.	2.40
A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.	Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	0.40
I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.	I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.	2.60
This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.	It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	0.00
Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.	For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	3.60
There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.	There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	1.80
I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.	I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	1.60
This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.	As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	2.00
When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.	My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	2.00
I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.	I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.	0.00
Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.	A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.	2.60
Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.	Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	0.40
It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.	There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	0.00
Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.	I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	0.20
There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.	Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	1.80
Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.	The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	1.60
As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.	The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	1.00
As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.	There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	0.60
Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.	Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	1.00
I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.	English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	2.80
I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.	I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	2.60
The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".	There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".	3.40
I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.	I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	1.60
I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.	Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	4.00
To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.	For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	1.80
One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.	David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	0.20
Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.	You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	0.00
I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.	Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	1.40
I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.	No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	0.00
I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?	One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.	1.20
guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.	We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	3.60
A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.	The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.	3.00
Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.	You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	1.20
I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.	Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	1.80
At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.	The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	0.80
http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.	Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	1.20
I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.	Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	0.00
I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.	In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.	3.20
Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?	I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	0.20
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	"The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery""s electrical state"	1.80
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	the closed path is connected to the light bulb	2.40
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	4.40
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	there is a damaged bulb	0.80
A, B and C are in different paths	Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.	3.20
the terminals are not connected	You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.	4.20
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	had a closed path to the battery	3.00
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal	There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.	4.60
Bulb C was not in a closed path	Not contained in a closed path	2.83
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The battery terminals have different electrical states.	3.60
the open switch creates a gap	an open switch causes a gap.	5.00
A and C are in the same closed path	Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.	2.80
the terminals are separated by a gap	the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	2.80
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.	1.60
there is an incomplete circuit	When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	3.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.	1.00
the battery is in an open path	the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.	0.60
the battery is in an open path	there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	1.40
the terminals are not connected	the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	3.60
There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal	there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	5.00
the path is not closed	It cuts the current from the battery	1.00
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.	5.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	1.60
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	4.60
If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path	there is still a closed path	2.40
A and C are in the same closed path	the are on the same wire	1.60
there is an incomplete circuit	bulb B does not effect the other bulbs	0.80
bulbs A and B are in a closed path	there is a closed path	2.20
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.	if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.	4.00
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.	2.60
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery	because A and C still have a connection to the battery	3.40
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	the battery is on a closed path	3.20
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If it is in the same path as the bulb.	2.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	becaquse there was a gap in the connection	1.60
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	there was a negavtive gap	2.40
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	4.20
there is a path containing both Z and C	"because switch z is in bulb c""s closed path"	4.20
bulbs A and B are in a closed path	Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths	5.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	1.40
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	1.40
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.	4.60
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	There is no difference in electrical states.	1.00
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	2.40
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery	5.00
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	The terminals are not connected	3.40
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	It is not in the same path as bulb A.	1.60
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	5.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	5.00
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	1.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	0.80
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path	the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	3.60
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery	because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	4.80
the battery is in an open path	because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path	1.00
There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6	because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.	4.40
A and C are not in the same path	bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.	4.60
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery	4.00
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.	because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	4.80
A and C are in the same path	the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	3.20
there is no gap between the terminals	That there is a gap	2.20
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	4.60
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	5.00
each bulb is in its own path	because bulb A and B are within the same path	1.80
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Because it was in the same circuit	1.80
A and C are in different paths	Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.	4.20
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	There was a closed circuit	1.60
there is an open path	It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.	0.80
there is a gap in the circuit	Because there is a gap in the circuit.	4.40
There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery	it was not a closed path	1.80
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	the battery alone is in a closed path	4.20
B and C are in the same path with the battery	Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.	5.00
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	there was closed paths between the battery	1.60
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	Terminal has the same electrical state	3.60
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C	1.60
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	bulb a was on a closed path	3.60
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	the attery is not in a closed path	3.60
the open switch creates a gap	because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	3.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when it disrupts a complete path	0.80
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	4.80
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	There is no gap in the circuit.	1.40
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.	3.60
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery	bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	3.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	2.00
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Because it still caught the current from both terminals	1.00
there is a short circuit	The current has shorted out the battery.	3.60
the terminals are not connected	the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.	2.40
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	2.60
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.	4.80
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	2.80
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.	1.17
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.	1.60
there is no gap between the terminals	There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	3.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	the voltage stays the same within the battery	1.00
there is no closed path containing the battery	Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.	1.40
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	4.20
there is a gap in the circuit	There is a gap in the circut.	5.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.	5.00
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.	5.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal	1.80
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	2.60
A and B have their own path	Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	1.40
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	3.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The voltage does not change.	1.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	4.80
there is an incomplete circuit	The bulb does not effect the others	1.00
A and C are in the same path	THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH	2.40
there is a path containing both Z and C	switch z is contained in a closed path	2.20
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	2.60
A and C are in the same closed path	If one bulb is removed, the others stop working	0.60
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	4.60
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	3.80
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	because there was two negative connections	1.40
A and C are in different paths	ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS	3.60
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.	1.20
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.	3.20
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	5.00
a damaged bulb creates a gap	The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	4.20
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit	1.00
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	5.00
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	5.00
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	Both components need to be in closed paths.	3.80
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal	Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.	2.20
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	3.20
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	1.00
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	3.20
the battery is in an open path	The battery is in an open path to the bulb.	3.40
there is a gap in a circuit	There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be	2.60
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery	4.40
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path	4.60
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	bulb A is connected to switch Z	1.00
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.	4.60
there is a complete circuit	bulb had a short circuit	1.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	Battery will always have voltage.	1.60
the open switch creates a gap	It turns off all the bulbs.	0.60
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.	1.40
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path	because a and c are still in a closed circuit	4.40
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.	3.20
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.	2.40
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.	Bulb A was still in a closed path	3.60
there is no gap between the terminals	there is a gap in the connection.	1.00
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path	4.20
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery	bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	4.90
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	4.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,	3.00
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	4.60
B and C are in the same path with the battery	bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.	4.80
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	5.00
the path is not closed	Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	4.00
the terminals are not connected	That the terminals are not connected to each other.	4.00
Circuit 4 has no closed paths	the batteries terminals are not connected	0.60
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	because the path was closed	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	2.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.	2.40
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery	because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	3.40
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	5.00
the path is not closed	because the path is short	1.00
there is a path containing both Z and C	The path it was on	2.40
there is no gap between the terminals	that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	1.40
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery	4.60
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.	5.00
the path is not closed	because there is no closed path to the battery	3.20
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb	3.60
A and C are in the same closed path	removing one bulb shuts off the other.	1.80
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	bulb a is in a closed path with a battery	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.	2.60
there is no gap between the terminals	the bulb will not light	1.00
there is no closed path	If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.	1.40
a damaged bulb creates a gap	a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	4.40
there is a path containing both Z and C	bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path	4.40
the open switch creates a gap	A switch creates a break in the closed path.	3.80
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	2.00
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	It must be in a closed path.	2.60
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.	2.00
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery	bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	3.00
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	4.40
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal is connected to the battery	3.00
there is a short circuit	I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.	0.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	5.00
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	terminal one is not connected to terminal six	5.00
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	"if the switch is included in the bulb""s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb"	3.20
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	2.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.	4.20
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	The circuit is not closed around the battery.	2.80
there is a path containing A, C, Z and X	Because it can go through switch Z	1.40
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it	2.00
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected	terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.	5.00
There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.	because bulb c is not included in the closed path	3.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	2.60
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the gap in terminal 2 is postive	3.60
A and C are in different paths with the battery	Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.	3.60
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path	3.20
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	5.00
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	3.60
A and C are in different paths with the battery	bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	4.80
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	Because the battery is not in a closed path.	4.00
each bulb is in its own path	bulb a creates a gap	1.40
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	4.90
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.	we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	3.40
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.	3.20
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	1.60
the open switch creates a gap	it creates a gap in the current.	3.40
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	3.20
there is no closed path containing the battery	there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	3.60
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.	4.20
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	the two terminals are connected	3.20
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	4.40
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	because it has another closed path it can use	1.60
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.	because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel	2.20
there is a path containing A, C, Z and X	It receives current from switche Z.	1.40
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	4.80
A and C are not in the same path	bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	3.80
B and C are in the same path with the battery	bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	5.00
there is a path containing A, C, Z and X	if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	1.40
there is no gap between the terminals	The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.	1.00
each bulb is in its own path	B and C are not in the same circuit as A.	1.00
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	bulb b created a gap	0.40
Bulb B is in a separate path	bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	1.33
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	2.40
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.	4.40
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.	1.20
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	Y is not needed for bulb a to light	1.20
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	"because switch y isn""t included in bulb A""s closed path"	4.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	When the switch is in the path of the bulb.	4.80
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	2.20
there is a path containing A, C, Z and X	can complete the path by having z be closed	1.00
the open switch creates a gap	It creates a gap in the circut.	3.00
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery	4.60
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	it runs on a different current	1.60
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery	4.60
the battery is in an open path	Because the bulb is connected correctly.	0.80
There is still a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path	2.80
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery	4.40
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	"bulb A""s path only contained switch Z"	1.60
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2	5.00
there is an incomplete circuit	Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.	1.60
there is a complete circuit	Each circuit must have a connection.	1.40
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal connected to positive charge	2.20
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	because it was not contained in the closed path.	2.20
If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery	bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	1.80
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb	3.80
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.	1.60
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.	1.00
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	5.00
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	5.00
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery	bulb c was not connected to the battery.	4.00
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	3.60
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	4.80
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.	3.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	1.20
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	"Without A, there""s no closed path"	4.00
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	because the battery is not in a closed circuit	2.83
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	A closed path with a battery and bulb	5.00
there is no gap between the terminals	the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	1.20
If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A will create a gap in the path	2.20
a damaged bulb creates a gap	A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	4.60
there is a gap in a circuit	the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	2.80
there is an incomplete circuit	the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	4.80
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.	3.60
there is no closed path containing the battery	because it is still connected to a batery	2.20
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	the bulb only has one terminal connected	2.00
the terminals are not connected	There is a difference in electrical states.	0.80
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.	2.00
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	the battery  is in a closed path with itself.	4.40
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	there will be a gap	1.00
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C	4.40
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.	4.00
If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.	1.80
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	5.00
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	the battery is containing a negative charge only	1.20
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	5.00
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.	5.00
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	3.80
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected	not connected to positive battery	2.60
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	5.00
A and C are in different paths with the battery	bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	4.60
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	Because there is a light bulb	0.40
A and C are not in the same path with the battery	bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.	1.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	4.80
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	3.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.	1.40
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.	4.60
the path is not closed	Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.	1.80
there is no gap between the terminals	there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.	1.60
there is an incomplete circuit	a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	2.60
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	5.00
A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap	if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	4.00
the terminals are not connected	a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	1.00
there is no gap between the terminals	the terminal it is connected to is not working	0.80
there is a gap in a circuit	If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	2.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	We switched the terminals around.	0.80
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	Bulb a created a gap	1.80
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.	bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.	3.60
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.	3.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	0.80
Circuit 4 has no closed paths	The battery is not closed in a closed path.	2.60
there is an open path	It is in the same closed path.	0.80
Bulb C is in a separate path	Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.	3.40
a damaged bulb creates a gap	It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	2.00
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	1.20
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	5.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	there is no short circuit to the battery.	0.40
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	1.00
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	3.80
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.	bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path	3.40
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	There is a gap in the path.	0.40
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.	4.20
B and C are in the same path with the battery	both are on same closed paths	2.60
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when it creates an open path	1.40
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.	it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected	2.80
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery	bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	4.60
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	connected to the negative terminal	2.20
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	1.80
If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path	if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path	4.80
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	A GAP WIL BE CREATED	1.40
A and C are in the same path	bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery	2.80
A and C are in different paths	Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	3.00
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	4.80
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.	2.00
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	There must be a closed path and a battery.	3.40
the open switch creates a gap	because an open switch creates a gap.	4.80
A and C are in the same closed path	a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	3.60
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery	bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	3.40
A and C are in different paths	bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	1.60
each bulb is in its own path	because each bulb has its own pathway	4.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	4.00
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	4.40
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.	4.80
the path is not closed	An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.	3.00
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	bulb a is in the closed path	2.00
terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	for the same reason as 3	0.17
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery	switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	2.83
the terminals are separated by a gap	there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.	3.17
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	The light bulb is not in a closed path	2.00
the open switch creates a gap	it breaks the closed circuit	1.83
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	1.83
A and C are in different paths with the battery	Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.	4.50
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path	the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	3.83
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	the battery is not in a closed bath alone	3.50
A and C are in different paths with the battery	Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.	4.67
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	terminal 1 and 4 connected	5.00
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.	2.83
there is a short circuit	a short circuit has occured	5.00
there is no gap between the terminals	Tells you that there is a gap	1.33
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	the bulb is not contained in the path	3.33
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	3.40
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.	5.00
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery	4.33
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Switch Y was in a dfferent path	2.83
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.	It was in the same path as switch X.	2.83
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	if the path is open or closed	1.67
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	the battery is  not contained in a closed path	3.50
there is a path containing A, C, Z and X	Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.	2.50
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	if both bulbs are contained within a closed path	2.83
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulb a will burn out with bulb C	2.17
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.	3.50
there is a gap in a circuit	Because there is a gap.	3.67
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	5.00
the path is not closed	It is not a closed path.	5.00
The terminals are in the same state.	that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	4.00
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.	5.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because it has a positive terminal	1.50
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal	2.17
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	4.67
there is no gap between the terminals	a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.	0.83
A and C are not in the same path with the battery	bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	1.67
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	4.50
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	1.83
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the two components are seperated.	3.33
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because positive charge is before gap	1.83
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.	4.33
the terminals are separated by a gap	There is a gap between the two bulb terminals	4.17
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	5.00
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	1.83
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	battery is contained on a closed path	3.83
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	3.00
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	1.17
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	3.33
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	Because it has one regardless of the circuit	1.33
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap	because of the gap in bulb B	1.33
The terminals are in the same state.	the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0	4.00
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	5.00
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	because it would cause a gap	0.67
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	closed paths from the battery	2.50
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Switch Y did not effect bulb A	3.17
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.	4.83
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	Battery is not contained i a closed path.	3.50
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.	0.67
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	switch Y does not effect bulb A	3.50
B and C are in the same path	bulb b and c are in a closed path	4.00
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	battery is contained in bulb	2.50
there is a path containing both Z and C	because there was a gap in the pathway.	1.67
B and C are in the same path with the battery	Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery	1.83
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	3.00
Bulb C is in a separate path	"becuase bulb C is on it""s own pathway."	4.17
there is a complete circuit	a connection to the battery	2.17
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed	4.00
There is no gap between them	there is a gap between terminal one and two	1.50
the terminals are not separated by a gap	there is not a gap in the connection	4.17
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.	1.20
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	3.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	there is a gap in the circuit	0.80
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	0.80
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	5.00
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	the other bulb will not light.	1.60
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	4.40
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	there is not gap between the terminals	1.00
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	because there is a positive and negative connections	0.60
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	because it had no gap between the terminals	0.80
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	the battery is not closed the bulb is.	2.20
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.	5.00
the terminals are not connected	a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	5.00
the terminals are separated by a gap	there is a difference in electrical states	0.40
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because it is still in a closed circuit	1.60
there is a gap in a circuit	there would be a gap in the circuit	3.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	3.20
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is connected to the difference	2.40
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	1.80
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.	4.20
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	4.60
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	it is not in the same path.	1.00
a damaged bulb creates a gap	damaged bulb creates a gap.	5.00
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.	the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	2.40
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	3.20
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	circuit 5 is in a closed path.	2.00
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	4.60
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.	It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.	3.20
the battery is in an open path	"the battery terminals don""t connect without any devices"	1.80
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal is connected to postive end of battery	3.20
the path is not closed	because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed	3.60
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb	because the battery is in a closed path.	3.60
Circuit 4 has no closed paths	Because neither components are in closed paths.	2.60
There is a path with B and C that does not include X	switch X does not effect bulbs B and C	4.40
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.	2.20
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A	4.00
there is an incomplete circuit	there is no path through bulb b.	2.80
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	still have connection to battery	1.60
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	it was a closed path	2.60
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulb c creates a gap	1.60
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	5.00
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	3.60
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	because there was a gap in the terminals	1.40
If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path	bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	3.60
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	1.60
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal	both are on the same side of the circuit	0.60
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	4.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Because terminal 1 had no gap.	1.40
there is an open path	It stops the flow of electricity.	0.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.	2.80
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	5.00
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.	1.00
there is an incomplete circuit	It makes the circuit incomplete.	3.50
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	Because there is no gap at terminal 1	1.00
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.	Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.	3.60
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.	3.20
A and C are in different paths with the battery	because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery	4.80
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	yes bulb A was on	1.80
A and C are in different paths with the battery	bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.	4.60
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	3.00
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	if the path is open the bulb will be off	2.00
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.	It will locate the gap.	0.20
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Bulb terminals 3 and 4	0.60
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is contain in a closed path	3.60
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths	because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.	4.60
A and C are in different paths with the battery	Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.	5.00
there is an incomplete circuit	A and B are off	1.40
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery	if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A	3.00
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.	4.40
the path is not closed	An open switch stops the energy flow	2.00
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.	4.40
A and C are in the same path	bulbs a and c affect each other.	3.00
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	there is a closed path to the battery	3.00
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	it checks the electrical state between two terminals.	2.60
there is an incomplete circuit	Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.	3.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Because it was connected to the positive side.	1.60
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	Find where there are different electrical states	2.60
If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path	the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	2.20
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	there was a closed path not effected by the switch	1.20
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	3.00
the terminals are not connected	the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	3.20
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	4.20
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	3.60
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	there is a gap in terminal 1	1.00
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	because of the gap in bulb b	2.20
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	5.00
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal	because of the gap in bulb b.	0.80
A and C are in different paths with the battery	bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.	3.00
There is no closed path	The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.	1.80
B and C are in the same path with the battery	bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	2.80
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.	2.00
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	2.60
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	terminal is connected to terminal 6	1.40
A and C are not in the same path	bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.	4.00
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	1.60
the battery is in an open path	The bulb and the battery are connected	1.80
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.	1.20
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A	Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	1.20
A and C are not in the same path	Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path	5.00
there is no gap between the terminals	The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	1.20
a damaged bulb creates a gap	it creates a gap in the circuit	3.60
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.	1.00
There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	4.80
there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery	there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery	3.20
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.	3.60
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected	for the same reason as 1	0.00
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6	4.60
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal	gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0	1.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.	1.80
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	0.80
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	0.80
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	4.80
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	4.60
A and C are in the same closed path	and the circut is closed	1.20
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.	3.20
A and C are in different paths	all the bulbs are on parralel paths	1.20
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	5.00
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	3.40
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	4.00
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal	5.00
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery	4.40
there is no closed path containing the battery	circuit 2 is connected to the battery	1.00
If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery	Seperate paths connected to the battery	2.00
the battery is in an open path	The path does not close	3.40
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path	Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.	2.40
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.	1.80
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	1.00
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	"because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there""s a difference in electrical states."	3.80
Bulb B is in a separate path	bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.	3.60
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	the bulb is not contained in a closed path.	1.80
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	When it creates a gap.	0.80
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	1.20
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.	4.40
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	3.20
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path	There are other closed path without bulb B	1.60
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	4.40
B and C are in the same path with the battery	bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery	5.00
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	1.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the terminals are not connected	0.80
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	3.00
each bulb is in its own path	Bulb C will create a gap in the path	1.00
If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path	because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	1.00
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.	switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	2.80
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap.	There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.	1.60
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.	1.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.	3.80
B and C are in the same path with the battery	different paths with the battery	1.40
the battery is in an open path	the is an open path	2.80
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery	3.60
a damaged bulb creates a gap	because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete	2.20
Bulb B is in a separate path	Bulb B is in a independent path	4.40
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected	The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.	4.80
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.	there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	2.20
bulb B creates a gap	there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit	4.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	1.40
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	A terminal is connected to a bulb.	1.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	"the electrical state difference between the battery""s two terminals"	1.80
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.	0.60
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	has to do something with a gap	2.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because of the chemical in the battery	2.60
there is a gap in a circuit	Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	2.00
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.	again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	3.00
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery	complete path including a battery and a bulb	3.60
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.	4.40
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path	it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	1.40
If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path	Because it is not on the same path	1.20
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.	3.60
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.	1.60
terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal	because there is no gap between the terminals	3.00
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	3.40
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.	3.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	3.40
Bulb C was not in a closed path	there was a gap in the circuit that C was on	3.80
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	4.60
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.	4.40
The terminals are in the same state.	that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	2.40
there is no gap between the terminals	It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.	0.60
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	There are 2 paths in this diagram	3.20
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	There has to be a closed circuit battery.	1.80
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery	Because the bulb does not have a closed path.	3.60
A and C are in the same closed path	becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.	1.20
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	4.80
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths	both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	5.00
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.	1.00
A, B and C are in different paths	bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B	3.40
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	5.00
there is no gap between the terminals	its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	1.60
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.	2.60
Bulb C is in a separate path	bulb c is in its own pathway	4.80
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.	4.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.	2.20
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	The positive terminal has 1.5 V	0.80
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.	you can see where the gap is	2.20
the battery is in an open path	the bulb is in a closed circuit	0.40
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	not seperated by a gap	2.20
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected	A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	1.40
A and C are in the same path	bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.	3.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	because voltage measures the difference between two points	1.40
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	1.40
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path	The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.	3.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	1.40
there is an open path	The bulb takes away the path.	0.80
Bulb C was not in a closed path	Bulb C was in an open path,	4.80
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A	2.40
The terminals are in the same state.	There is no difference between the two terminals.	4.40
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.	5.00
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.	4.80
there is a short circuit	A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.	2.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.	3.20
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery	bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
Bulb B is in a separate path	bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	3.40
each bulb is in its own path	If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.	1.40
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	because the terminals are in the same state	1.00
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side	4.20
there is a short circuit	It is an open path.	0.80
the path is not closed	because the the circuit is complete.	1.80
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	for the same reason as 3	0.00
each bulb is in its own path	the path will have a gap	1.20
there is an incomplete circuit	Because their is a gap between A and C now.	3.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state	terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	3.60
there is a short circuit	the red x means that the circuit is not safe.	1.80
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.	4.60
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal	4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	4.40
the open switch creates a gap	It breaks the closed path.	2.20
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	4.20
each bulb is in its own path	"Because it didn""t cause a gap."	0.40
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminal is connected to the battery	2.80
A and C are in different paths	turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	0.60
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	4.80
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb	4.40
There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4	The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	0.80
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.	2.80
the path is not closed	because there is no closed path	4.60
a damaged bulb creates a gap	because it creates a gap in the circuit.	3.80
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	A is on a cloosed battery	3.40
there is a complete circuit	The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.	1.80
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	5.00
the path is not closed	If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.	2.40
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.	4.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	4.20
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths	bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	2.20
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected	the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	5.00
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open	3.20
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery	4.80
there is an open path	because it opens the circuit	1.60
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	2.80
Bulb C is in a separate path	Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.	3.40
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	the path passes the energy through the switch	1.60
there is an open path	The open switch makes the path open	2.80
A and C are in the same closed path	bulbs a b and c are on a closed path	3.00
the open switch creates a gap	because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.	3.20
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	5.00
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	5.00
the terminals are not connected	There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.	3.00
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path	The battery is not in a closed path.	3.80
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	there is a gap in the circuit	3.60
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	There will be a gap in the path	1.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	1.60
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	because of the gap at bulb b	1.40
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path	switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A	4.00
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.	electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	4.20
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Because a closed circuit was formed.	2.40
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.	4.20
A and C are not in the same path with the battery	because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	0.80
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.	You can find where there is a gap	2.60
there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery	it is in a closed path with the battery	2.40
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery	Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.	4.60
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	3.00
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components	The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	5.00
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	2.80
Bulb B is in a separate path	I guess because it is in the center.	0.00
the battery is in an open path	because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	2.40
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.	3.80
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	4.60
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal	the positive battery terminal is not connected	1.40
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	0.80
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is on a closed circut path	4.00
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	If the bulb is on the same closed path	3.40
the battery is in an open path	One side is closed the other side is open.	0.60
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	4.60
there is no closed path containing the battery	It is a closed path.	1.20
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.	there is a path from bulb to battery	2.20
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery	Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.	2.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	3.20
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.	5.00
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.	4.60
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	gap between 3 and positive battery	4.00
Circuit 4 has no closed paths	there is no closed path in circuit 4.	5.00
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	2.40
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C	A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH	3.40
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	There is a chemical reaction.	2.20
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	2.20
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.	3.00
A and C are in different paths with the battery	bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.	4.80
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.	Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A	3.60
If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.	not contained inthe same path	1.00
If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path	bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	2.80
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery	there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C	4.00
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected	Because the two terminals are connected	3.00
If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path	bulb a creates a gap	1.80
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state	there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	1.40
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	it was still on a closed path	3.20
there is a gap in a circuit	There is a gap in the circuit.	5.00
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state	The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	1.40
there is no gap between the terminals	there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.	1.60
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.	a gap causes a lost connection	3.00
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.	The electrical state is interferred with.	1.80
Bulb C was not in a closed path	because bulb c was in an open path	4.60
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery	bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	4.60
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains	4.20
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected	a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	4.00
Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	a terminal is connected to another terminal	2.20
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.	5.00
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.	4.40
each bulb is in its own path	because each bulb has its own complete path	4.00
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap	The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.	5.00
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap	terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	2.20
A and C are in different paths	bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	1.40
there is a short circuit	that the battery connection does not work	1.20
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.	if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.	1.00
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state	terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	3.60
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	The path must be closed	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	it was connected to the positive terminal	1.40
each bulb is in its own path	It has its own path connected to the battery	3.20
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	if it is in the same path as the bulb	3.40
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb	the battery is in a closed path.	1.40
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	Bulb A has a closed pathway	4.00
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	it depends on whether its an open or closed path	1.40
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.	4.40
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.	3.20
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals	because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	3.00
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected	The are both connected the negative battery terminal.	3.20
The terminals are in the same state.	the two terminals will both be 0	3.60
Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	1.20
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb	A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.	2.00
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path	the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	1.20
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components	The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.	4.00
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected	the terminals are not connected	2.80
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.	because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.	4.60
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	because there was a positive and negative connection	2.00
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap	it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	3.80
hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters.	hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys.	2.70
| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	4.00
insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?	insignificant to you maybe.	1.60
agw has not been proven.	sorry, agw has been proven.	1.80
about the unemployment bill?	and this unemployment bill?	4.60
maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org	yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	4.71
don't worry about him - he's a grown up.	don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	3.60
not srs this "plot" smells a rat.	this "plot" smells a rat.	4.20
so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i	but what i said to myself was "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"	4.60
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often, none of that seems to matter once they've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine.	and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace.	3.20
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	3.00
do you know who shareholders are?	do you know who benefits from profits?	2.40
5) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	2) when i said this-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	3.20
it just doesn't make sense.	that doesn't make any sense.	4.60
every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	4.00
i can no longer support them.	that's why i can no longer support them.	4.80
claim: powell claimed that "unnamed sources" confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons.	claim: powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons.	2.40
and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.	and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.	4.60
what are you trying to say?	what point are you trying to relay?	5.00
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.	2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	4.00
thanks for the heads up.	ok, thanks for the explanation.	3.70
for your advice guys...my	for your advice guys!!	4.80
that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	4.20
a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	4.00
that is what liberty is about, after all.	here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.	0.00
it just doesn't make sense.	i just don't get this.	5.00
and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.	"[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american," huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	4.00
[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	5.00
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?	libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	3.90
that's what laffer was saying and that's what you are choosing to ignore.	that's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore.	2.40
mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	4.20
opec aren't oil companies, braniac.	you left out oil companies, braniac.	2.40
grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.	obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	2.33
i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.	eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	3.40
if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison.	3.80
i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.	i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	1.60
know what im talking about.	needs thinking about.	0.60
president obama would continue that trend.	presi*dent obama would double it.	2.30
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	the gop is fighting for freedom of choice.	3.00
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	1.60
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already?	because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy.	3.40
germany surrendered in april.	japan surrendered unconditionally.	0.80
why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	"why didn't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration?"	3.80
moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."	what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	4.20
i'm not sure about any of those.	i'm serious about this.	0.60
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	3.80
you're not talking about current events.	i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	2.40
the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.	well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	1.20
"i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government."	mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	3.40
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	3.80
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.	read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	1.80
i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not	i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	4.20
the entire caribbean poisoned?	the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned.	3.20
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	3.20
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.	the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	4.40
i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.	by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	0.70
the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul.	the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated.	3.60
doesn't have the vision to "sustain" apollo?	does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	3.60
no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.	people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	0.00
you've worn the finish off your coffee table.	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	1.80
i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.	they "have" fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events.	0.00
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	4.20
quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.	it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	0.20
like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.	so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	5.00
i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.	i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	0.20
further, you will stop playing baseball.	you will cease playing american football.	1.00
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.	however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	2.80
thank you for your concern pelastration.	thank you for pointing me foster.	0.40
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	so, he is a 'self made man', if you want to quibble over that, fine.	2.60
i am done with this thread.	i agree with there goes trouble.	0.20
depression is when you lose yours.	recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	1.20
wtf is that all about?	wtf are you babbling about?	3.90
they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.	the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	3.20
being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either, yet, all of you consider yourselves americans.	it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon.	1.50
president obama is doing a bang up job.	president obama would continue that trend.	2.80
where did i say it did?	did i say i excused it?	1.60
man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.	i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	2.00
perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes.	perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory.	1.60
does anyone else find that astonishing?	did anybody else find this disturbing?	2.40
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	4.40
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.	0.80
but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????	where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	2.47
the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with.	the anti-semites and nazis, we're already familiar with.	1.80
i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.	i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	1.00
someone needs to go to jail for that one.	he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	0.80
you're not talking about current events.	do you even pay attention to current events?	1.60
maybe they don't like race baiting?	maybe they don't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings?	3.00
add into it the disruption of their financial connections.	six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners.	0.67
vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?	rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	2.00
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	3.00
being a university student.	i mean, being a history student..	3.00
that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..	like 99.99% of your idiotic questions, it doesn't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise.	3.80
wtf are you babbling about?	what are you trying to say?	4.40
what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men?	our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	3.60
every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people.	driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	3.10
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	4.00
the problem is us, through and through.	the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	0.00
i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?	i can't carry on as i am, so i do need to know what his long term intentions are.	2.20
that is the entire case.	it worked in the snyder case.	0.60
sue them and try to get some money out of them.	if your problem is with the banks,then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them.	3.20
sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok, no reply.	i rang him at 5.30am to see where he was, no reply.	2.60
actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it (ss) is administered.	good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage.	2.00
he's not ranting against the troops.	it's like being against hammers.	0.00
the gravy train really is all out of gravy.	the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy.	3.10
point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.	and in the end, bush's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending...	1.80
wish i could stop thinking this way.	just can't stop feeling this way.	4.00
why would walker's cronies reject an offer to order the "sleeping protesters" out of the capitol?	interestingly, both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining "sleeping" protesters out of building.	2.20
sue them and try to get some money out of them.	time to get the government out of the bedroom.	0.00
that is the entire case.	that’s normally the case.	2.40
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.	it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.	3.60
there's not even an investigation.	has there even been any criminal investigation?	2.20
don't want to read and run but i don't know what to say.	'poof' disappears: just because they don't show it to you.	0.80
how is that possible?	does anyone know if this is possible??	4.00
one would think they would run with the story, but they haven't.	none of it would exist if it wasn't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft.	0.00
i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.	it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup.	0.80
are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?	people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	0.00
sorry for your loss, this could be handy.	sorry, you just don't.	1.40
any help would be much appreciated.	sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated!	3.20
i went out & found new friends.	ask yourself what you look for in a friend too.	1.60
this is what we all feared was going on anyway.	that is what we're up against and must compete on a global scale.	1.40
so that is the end of that.	to them it was good enough.	1.80
other parts of the study's methodology is flawed.	just another bit of that graph thats false.	2.40
i don't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder.	i don't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work.	3.40
but don't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks.	it's not your fellow citizens' responsibility to do that.	2.20
and he spent his money on things he cared about.	i wonder how this will pan out.	0.00
also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.	the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	1.60
it has now been lifted.	that's how i would feel supported.	0.60
the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history.	you have made a claim, that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped.	2.60
i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i don't care about.	it's not because he is stupid, it's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings.	0.00
like the "housing" bubble at the beginning of the bush administration.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.	1.20
others have the right to their opinions as always, we don't have to agree, and there's little chance we ever will agree.	they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat, lazy, uneducated, low skilled and dependent union worker.	0.60
governments exist for a reason.	the dont identify me as a real preson,..	0.00
debt slavery here's a hint.	debt slavery here's what class warfare looks like!	2.40
no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.	no need to tell them at all.	1.20
does anyone know if this is possible??	does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days?	2.00
if we could only learn from our mistakes!	just sounds like you're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes.	1.20
a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too.	yeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences.	2.40
the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus.	and when poor shirley was forced to resign, fox comes out with a report, just tonight, that obama threw an "innocent" woman under the bus.	2.20
but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention, awaiting trial.	but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it, feeding him along?	1.40
she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email.	the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times.	1.60
inherited that when his father died.	then i found others that countered what she said.	0.00
i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.	you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	0.80
then you birds got nuttin to worry about..	i agree with you, its a ironic story also.	0.60
then they are talking money out of something else.	you can't arrest someone for something they haven't done...	0.00
but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents, who sought his resignation, the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized, shaken nation.	the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month.	2.40
why do you hate america so much?	rslw: no, why would i hate them?	2.00
i looked him in the eyes and said that these young me did what they had to do, they should have no regrets or feel bad and it should have been done sooner.	i called back, and the lady said sorry since you didn't answer we offered the job to the next person on the list who answered the phone, that didn't make any damn sense to me.	0.00
and what do you know, receipts stayed about the same.	and the county where detroit is located also voted for him?	0.00
the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one.	we do have a disparity of "justice" in this nation, a severe one.	1.20
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville, south carolina.	0.60
this september i left home, and started at university.	i remember when i left school and went to college, all my friends stayed at school sixth form.	2.00
do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites.	obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites.	1.60
anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.	are you saying that if a government doesn't break up a monopoly (cable), it is enforcing the monopoly?	1.20
unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand.	as unions usually do, they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are, over keeping cops on the job, and the lay offs happened.	1.30
i can't see his death reducing the scale of the 'war on terror'..	so was this upholding the law, or just armed robbery?	0.00
and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens, at least for a while.	if the government provides health care, whether spelled out in this bill or not, it will ration the care.	1.00
they didn't even have a train station...	when it gets over $5 a gallon, i hafta opt out...	0.00
laws should be for everyone.	very humbling indeed - happens to everyone.	0.00
it worked in the snyder case.	i'm shocked he was even elected...	0.00
so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane?	feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality.	2.60
then i found others that countered what she said.	the low person bit pissed me off, but the prose that followed was so good!	0.00
and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession.	and that doesn’t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama’s economic oppression.	0.20
if i were you, i'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public.	all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance.	3.20
surely this is entrapment? he didn't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation?	i would happily have explained what i was actually saying, but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations.	2.00
i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.	it's not the concept of subsidies per se, but the nature of the subsidies themselves.	0.00
this is totally unacceptable!	that is not a "substantial drop"!	0.60
if you did, you wouldn't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining.	but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again.	0.20
he's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a 'workshop' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science.	they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis, these tiny school districts make no sense.	0.80
ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.	william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	2.40
you think they're bluffing about that?	yeh right, they're so on board with that!	1.40
when i have more time (tomorrow), i will provide the sources for all of this information.	not sure what specifically you're asking for, so i'll do a total dump of information.	1.00
i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible.	if "crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them", then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people.	0.00
based on the historical record, that recovery was imminent, within a couple of months or so.	so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs.	0.00
i feel you are a good man, i truly like you.	oh, i bet he can i truly hope not.	0.00
then, that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases.	yes, america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming, but then who does?	1.67
after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them.	me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere.	2.33
i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright.	"smart" anything is a bit of a reach for him.	0.00
i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story, all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	2.67
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.	and they definitely shouldn't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else's contraception & abortions.	2.67
it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	2.17
people need to keep campaigning, keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community.	adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative/unform view of the lgbt community.	2.33
that's not the right way to go.	the people have a right to know!"	0.08
that's the bread and butter of "entrepreneurialism"!	that is the real purpose behind so-called "free trade."	1.50
dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do, i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it!	don't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified, she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card, and that was that.	1.50
some politicians are now just preying on human weakness.	and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too.	0.67
i have my own business but work as all but dried up...to	and they insisted on "right to work" laws that busted up the unions.	0.83
his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history.	the distortional inclinations of the next president, george h.w.	1.83
i hope it works out in the end...	and stop worrying about it...	0.91
the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly.	there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn't government enforced.	1.83
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	i don't know if this goes for people generally, but that was how g went.	1.50
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.	as a christian, i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them."	0.83
their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government.	its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets.	0.50
one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse.	since there would be no "spouse", employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse.	1.00
here it's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks.	see, it's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets.	0.33
in south afghanistan, nato said two coalition service member were killed, one on friday and another on saturday.	two coalition crew members were injured in that attack.	2.67
makes me feel all festive.	a false allegation, allie.	0.00
iirc, the sign was erected early on, but was removed as being too obvious.	no,the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros,after he was convicted of lying to the fbi.	0.00
the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam.	george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam.	1.00
so, i guess that's it.	so, it's something else, isn't it?	1.33
@dlowan, "for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse: 'may you live in interesting times!'	republican senator charles percy's secretary took an interest in me.	0.00
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.	the conservatives are currently on 37% of the vote, labour on 28% and the lib dems on 23%.	1.17
how do regulatory agencies become "deregulated?"	no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated.	1.67
they have been brainwashed by fox and/or rush.	they were reserved for adults.	0.00
look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush.	obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	1.17
why don't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good?	lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper.	1.00
what surprises is that even in the 1970s, on the back of 3 decades of cooling, more papers (42 in total) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling.	they find very few papers (7 in total) predict global cooling.	1.67
don't be jealous and bitter.	don't hate your fellow americans.	1.17
(bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried, reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his "stimulus ii" wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now!)	the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget.	2.00
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine.	2.00
which i think is a good idea.	ok, that's a good point.	2.33
yeah, for toddlers, since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking.	however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11% in flint.	0.00
eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend" am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home?	eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house.	1.83
it's the individual citizens' responsibility to fund their own behavior.	what happened to personal responsibility and accountability?	1.83
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.	thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	0.00
this is how the people on the right here treat truth.	in the "binary" world of the right wing, it's either all lies or all gospel truth.	1.67
but no, he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to.	but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one, partly in the us where he also studied.	0.67
i'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far.	i'm open minded and i just don't take things as personally as others do.	0.00
i didn't want to read and run hun.	i've narrowed it down to god, gays and guns.	0.00
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.	they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service...even	0.00
there's kurds in syria, too, i believe.	otherwise, no other information would be given.	0.00
i don't need to create problems for myself, with customers feeling they were mislead.	i don't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is.	1.83
time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected, and a vastly different set for the commoners.	that said, i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws.	1.33
but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality.	that is exactly what happened: no, it isn't, unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality.	2.17
christy is a fat sack of shit.	firstly, there's no need to panic or rush.	0.00
grrrr what the heck do i do?	<shrug> what's a person to do?	4.17
we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences.	george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences.	2.50
no one appears to have posted about this yet.	are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up?	0.00
ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.	lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	0.50
i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy.	it's real simple: get the hell out of everybody's bedroom and start worrying about the economy.	0.00
i'm terrified, and dh doesn't talk about it much but he's nervous too.	kill off the weak, and shit won't cost so much for the rest of us.	0.00
9. no "spouse" means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes.	no "spouse" means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own.	2.83
didnt want to read and run..	i hate bloated spending.	0.00
but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another.	it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little "bitch".	0.00
spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc's operation breadbasket.	april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	0.50
quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.	and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	0.83
if you have used the va loan, and then refinanced using the streamline program, i'd be thrilled to hear about it!	have any of you used a va loan to buy a house, then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you'll save a bunch by refinancing?	3.67
the justice system is a farce and we all know it.	it used to just say 2:30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else's initials.	0.00
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.	i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	0.67
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men, right?	no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth.	1.33
but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level, expected in the early part of the second half of the century, these effects will become critical.	it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level, expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast, studies suggest.	3.00
i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance, before i do something silly.	it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts.	0.33
of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how.	the only questions remaning are "when" and "how bad".	2.33
you can read about the case below.	you can jump to the moon.	0.50
does this sound like the sensible option.	does this concern you?	1.33
as cruel as it sound, i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone.	"i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they don't want to do."	1.83
this is not rocket science.	this is precsisely, is it not?,	0.83
no need to tell them at all.	agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine.	1.67
to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.	this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.	2.67
anyone else feel like this?	does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe?	1.67
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird.	but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward.	0.00
i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy, we wouldn't of had one.	with marshall - 8 weeks (but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt.	1.67
it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.	it's a pretty far-fetched argument, just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it.	0.67
thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality.	thanks again, for proving my other point while you're struggling to argue with me and insult me.	2.83
i'm sure your children are worried about you and i'm sure they'd appreciate you telling them how you're feeling, rather than them fretting because they're seeing their mum upset.	you don't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better, you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what's wrong.	1.50
we don't have a college record?	don't people ever learn?	0.00
seriously, it's true.	so, i guess that's it.	1.17
i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives..	i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist.	0.00
i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread.	and what has jesse jackson contributed to american life?	2.00
i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold.	also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one.	0.83
they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost.	he married you, chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally.	0.50
they are killing themselves as a politcal force.	they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash.	0.33
and of course the poppy propaganda.	amd loose both of us.	0.00
if millions have a disastrous medical issue, like cancer, or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue, what's the difference?	if people need help, just assume charity and local gov'ts aren't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it, what's the difference?	0.60
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	0.00
the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us.	the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense, the less you will hear of this case.	0.00
i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do.	i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now.	0.60
boycott as you deem fit, but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top.	chances are it will move more to the middle over time.	0.00
for them, the morality or lack of it was not the question.	but when they are of a moral or religious nature it's not government's business.	1.40
that's how i would feel supported.	you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas?	1.60
they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.	they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	0.60
what does keeping england english even mean?	they live in england and should speek english!	1.90
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	she then said she could not give me their number.	0.00
i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery.	i see, we've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless?	0.60
i would suggest that a few more than "nobody" cared.	any advice would be more than welcome.	0.80
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.	however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...	1.20
so what does this have to do with newt?	does this sound like the sensible option.	0.40
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	0.00
neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone.	they offered up private solutions, good ones, ones that don't increase taxes on anyone.	0.50
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.	there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions.	0.60
the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists.	1.40
this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years.	quartermass has not given opinion in that last post, namvet.	0.00
we want a flat, fair and wide base and most importantly, for the government to live within it's means.	the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue.	1.40
they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin.	tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have.	2.60
where it goes wrong in practice is when they create a central government to control the communes.	however, by that same rationale, it is unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-makers.	0.40
as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.	we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable..to	0.00
no it's just that people like you can't be honest.	it's obvious that you love your daughter and want what's best.	0.60
are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion?	for the larger issue, if you are going to take that route, then is islam an inherently evil/violent religion?	3.80
dodge, change the subject, project what they have been instructed to believe etc...	2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare?	0.60
don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	2.80
and all to few understand, therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide.	they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered (i.e.	0.80
the debate is whether or not a new mosque should be built at that very location.	if they have made peace with their pay, then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well.	0.00
some refused to go because they didn't want to be killed.	some who went to war didn't want to go, but felt they could not disobey.	2.80
do the math, and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids.	and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now.	0.80
using your definition - there was no housing bubble.	early in our friendship she confessed her marriage was in trouble...i	0.00
it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways...and	it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways.	0.00
because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.	because they're not shameful liberal media race-baiters.	0.80
is there any way that can be avoided?	think it's going to stay that way with less police?	0.60
either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it doesn't - pick one.	the government didn't have any thing to do with it.	0.60
that was also about a blow job, of course.	bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office.	1.40
the "effect" people are talking about isn't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.	1.60
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined.	we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing...is	0.00
also, assuming the whole thing is a sham..	lots of luck, she will get through this phase!	0.20
thanks for thinking of me, but i don't have the desire to appear on his show.	i'd love to tear apart his lies, but i don't know how good i'd be on a radio show.	2.00
totally free of course.	reality, of course, disagrees.	0.00
to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior.	to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors, which could only mean that blacks are inferior.	3.20
i agree with you, quantum windbag, and so do most legal commentators i have read.	i agree with you about 'shouting about being different', what do you count as proclaiming difference?	1.80
the foreign secretary, margaret beckett, is at 40/1, while the defence secretary, des browne, and the welsh and northern ireland secretary, peter hain are 50/1.	the international development secretary, hilary benn, the former health secretary alan milburn, and the leader of the commons, jack straw, are all at 25/1.	2.60
she's on line here but hasn't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus, and whether or not she want's our nation's laws to follow all of leviticus.	don't you follow, and want our laws to follow all of leviticus?	3.00
try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking.	in fact, watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming.	0.70
is your health care rationed?	thus the need for health care insurance reform...the	1.20
now of course its everyones fault but their own.	and of course it not ever their fault, as it's now fox news, the righties, blaa blaa blaa.	3.40
you spew here what you claim to be facts.	you can claim it's false all you want, but facts are facts.	1.60
but as a christian, i believe what god's word tells me.	most christians do not hate gay's, they hate the sin.	1.60
true oil only comes from quart sized cans.	or like oil companies, who have a cartel.	0.80
i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship.	i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head.	2.00
the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them.	i don't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy.	2.00
in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion.	the tea party didn't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics.	1.60
the poor don't need cobra to continue being insured, they never were insured by their employers, they have medicaid.	the rich don't need cobra, they can buy their own individual policy at any price...so	2.20
but conserv won't address these issues.	how will conservatives respond to the issues?	2.40
they didn't even have a train station...	ground/home deliver tues thru sat...	0.00
upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for "national security reasons."	a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on "national security."	2.20
my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried.	my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died.	1.00
do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?	our justice system is rotten to the core, so what are we going to do about it?	0.00
whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers, her sheet says she was changed at 4:30ish and when i change her again at 6:30 or 7 her diaper is fine.	this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6:30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all.	3.00
in their view, there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person.	in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.	1.60
obviously you're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests.	conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either.	0.20
the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine, not the other way around.	so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly, chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion.	3.40
it was our day, how we wanted and it was wonderful.	but our parents said "oh no, it was an accident".	0.00
also, there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects.	yes, there are many variables that affect prices, and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic.	0.20
i will do so with my daughter this year...	and besides they do update their platform.	0.00
has anyone heard about this?	or does anyone know any way i could help it?	1.00
the justice system is a farce and we all know it.	the president's biological father was kenyan, and obama barely knew him.	0.00
just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing?	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.	0.00
i don't really know what is up but i'm super mad about it.	i really dont know what to do...	2.20
they didn't get it, but they asked for it.	the bush administration put them back in.	0.00
source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw?	until two days ago, i didn't know they actually made guns for kids (and i'm not talking about toy guns).	0.00
of course, people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean, death is peeking around the corner.	actually, it's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line.	0.00
things are so big and strange.	i know they are not saving and i just cant understand!	0.00
we should have monuments for him.	we should start a sequence of these threads ;-).	0.40
but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin.	why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?	4.60
that doesn't make any sense.	utter fucking nonsense.	4.40
reality is, i was there before and returned again.	best wishes, yes he had an affair.	0.00
here's a list of articles for you to peruse.	skip, that's also very true.	0.00
i wouldn't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though!	i dont understand where my parents money goes!	0.80
he still hasn't to this day.	he just doesnt get it.	2.40
blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation.	the federal government's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left, the white house or cbo.	0.40
in addition to these three, roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals, and 53 judges to the united states district courts.	in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran.	0.60
do you even understand what wry was conveying?	there is so much wrong and you don't seem to understand what's wrong.	2.20
the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me.	it helps that the media hasn't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten.	0.60
there seems no hope in these areas.	not really, most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens.	0.60
ah, so many amazing memories...	the nature was so amazing...	0.00
nor will they be the last.	networks without assistance.	0.00
they controlled spain for quite awhile back then.	it's really good, and quite innovative in places.	0.00
then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day.	anyway, i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago.	1.40
so at least based on the available data, it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems.	this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers.	3.80
i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9/11.	nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9/11.	3.40
as to what happened to their missing kid.	was it as gruelling for them as i'm imagining?	0.60
but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun, and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying.	i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me, and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me, until i realised i couldn't do it and stopped and made him take me home.	1.60
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	you've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week.	1.80
as the only white in the hall, i understood why the question was being asked.	waiting in an outer hall, i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone.	1.40
why has no one come forward to admit the truth?	who in the media's been going "half-cocked" and how did they do it?	1.60
thaksin "red shirts" gather again in bangkok bangkok, april 25 (reuters) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago.	thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 (bloomberg) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april.	2.80
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	when you open your dish cabinet, and there is only mugs.	2.00
i think it's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this.	why hasn't the us government done that (if the affair is fake, taht is..)	1.60
they found the bomb before they found the woman.	the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama.	0.00
the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming.	the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas.	0.20
murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire.	rupert murdoch inherited his father's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. (australia).	3.80
the problem is, you are going after people just like you.	edgar, you may be right - at least in part.	0.40
the french legislation has enraged turkey, which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill.	wednesday’s decision is likely to please turkey, which has warned that the bill, if enacted, would seriously affect turkish-french ties.	3.00
i can hear the desperation in your words.	suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness.	0.60
is there any property involved?	is your health care rationed?	0.60
when we were young, before my husband got an easier job, he did manual labor.	we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.	0.00
that is what liberty is about, after all.	that darn liberal media never goes after liberals!!!	0.60
we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished?	allowing them to set up camp, much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world?	0.80
the resolution was opposed by the obama administration.	the obama administration?	1.60
Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there?	How about some testimonies from real health experts?	3
Then the captain came back.	"Then the captain was gone.	0.8
The problem is simple.	The problem is simpler than that.	3.8
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.	1
I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?	So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?	0.4
You're asking me to prove a negative?	go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?	4.6
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!	I am OK with MEDICAL use!	5
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.	The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	2
A WAR in the middle east.	War in the middle east.	5
Originally Posted by zaf I give up.	Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?	0.6
Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	1
there is no chance at a fair trial.	There's no chance of a fair trial.	5
Nirvana is NOT oblivion.	Nirvana is very different than oblivion.	3.6
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.	We in Britain think differently to Americans.	4
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.	If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	3.1
Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?	The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.	2.2
Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?	BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	3.2
**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	4.4
but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.	but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.	2.2
According to Zimmerman he did.	According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.	2.4
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	2.8
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	4.6
This is why I support the death penalty.	I oppose the death penalty.	1
Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.	Well, whatever, you are now.	2.2
Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".	They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	2.2
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.	DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	3.8
People bent the laws.	People exploited the laws.	2.8
And here I thought I knew me some math.	Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.	2.2
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.	2.6
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."	3
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.	I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	4.8
It's you who makes no sense.	It still makes no sense.	1.4
More expensive cars.	More expensive homes.	1.2
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	0.8
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.	ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./	2
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.	"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	1.2
That's what I find curious.	You wanna know what I find curious?	2.8
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.	When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?	2.6
If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.	If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.	2.6
I didn't mention restraining order either.	You didn't mention PFA before that one post.	0.8
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.4
 warmed.C from the year prior.	from the year prior.	3
Holy poo poo, this show.	Still love this show.	1
their great wealth is protected by the govt.	their vast properties are protected by the govt.	3.2
Fundamental difference?	Fundimental difference, please?	4.6
How exactly are they being punished?	How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?	1.4
You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".	Z stalked him down, then shot him.	3
God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	5
Where does the money come from in the first place?	We never got out of it in the first place!	0.8
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.	Freedom of speech has consequences!	2.11111111111111
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	2.8
As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.	if you could kill one person to save four, would you?	2
It's imposing a law.	It's not imposing morals.	1.1
Depends on how you define "extreme".	It depends how you define extreme.	5
Mexico has ZERO claim to California.	At least Mexico had a presence in California.	1.2
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.	So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.	3
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	4.5
Still refusing to answer my questions?	And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?	3.4
You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.	You have too much regulation, not too little.	3.8
You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	4
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?	Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	2.6
You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?	You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?	1.8
We are meant to move.	We are meant to explore.	2.4
That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.	Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.	3.4
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.4
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	3.6
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.	And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	1.6
Who makes money off google ad sense?	Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	3.2
The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.	They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.	4.6
Warmer , almost certainly a record.	Warm , maybe record.	4.4
"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".	"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".	2.2
What's your definition of nature?	What is your definition of "life"?	1.2
Could be a simple mistake.	Could be a lot of things.	2.2
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.	3.8
Neander's revised version"?	Dr. Neander's revised version.	4
Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?	Should I just tell her how I feel?	2.2
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	0.8
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	2.6
I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!	"Jane" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.	2.2
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.	any woman that wants birth control can get it.	1.6
Yes, it's legal to grow.	Is it legal to grow?	2.6
Pressing one does send a tone.	pressing one does not "do" english.	1.8
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?	What's my opinion regarding the series?	2.8
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.6
He definently has supporters.	Does he have supporters?	2
Thus, ultimate sovereignty.	but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	2.2
no, it's not an answer.	that is not an answer.	4.8
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .	The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.	2.2
We can't do it without you."	But we can't do it without help.	3.6
No healthy person needs sex.	No healthy person needs gambling.	1.4
If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?	I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	2
Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?	Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?	1.8
"Elves don't exist" - fine.	"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	3
i started it last night xanis.	Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.	2
Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	4.2
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.	"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.	2
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.	Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.	3
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.	3.4
@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	3.6
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .	Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .	3.6
Therefore you are not a Christian.	You are a Christian.	1.4
I repeat: And the simple fact today?	And the simple fact today?	4
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.	Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	2
You're such a bad person!"	"Oh, you're such a good person!	1.8
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.	Fern I think stories like this are stupid.	3.6
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.	CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.	3.4
Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?	Do you not understand what that string of words means?	1.2
There is no freedom of speech.	There is no freedom of religion.	1.2
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.	2.4
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?	How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	3
Men and women are different yes?	A man and a woman are different yes.	3.4
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.	Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	2.2
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?	Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	1
Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	3.2
Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?	Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	0
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	1.6
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.	Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.	1.6
It finished as a work of fiction.	loose change started out as a work of fiction.	2.2
If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.	If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	3
Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.	GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.	2.4
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	lets assume we have % white and % black.	3.77777777777778
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.	Freedom of speech has consequences!	2.11111111111111
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	"Fairies don't exist" - fine.	1
Please, what about them are not true.	If so, state that is why they're not true.	3.2
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.	-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.	2.8
"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".	"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".	1.4
My great niece is half black.	My niece is married to a black man.	1.4
The Japanese population is nearly  million.	The UK population is just over  million.	1
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.4
I hope everything is ok!	I hope this is nothing.	2
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	4.2
GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	4.2
It's not how it was sold, gb.	What isn't how what was sold?	1.6
I'd hate to be him too.	I know I'd hate to be him.	4.4
Of course there were no weapons.	there were no weapons.	4.6
It's amusing to think it even might be true.	It's so stupid that it just has to be true.	3
Again, personal responsibility.	Personal responsibility much?	4.4
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	4.57142857142857
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?	I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.	2.6
Where is the slant against Bush?	How is this slanted against Bush??	4.4
That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	4.8
I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.	I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.	0.4
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.	The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.	3.8
officers have told me its bad for you.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	2
His position is the way it is currently.	His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.	1
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .	I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	0.8
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	4.8
I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!	I have no problem with those that have money!	0.2
No has has shut down the oil fields.	Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	2
i don't want a president who is charasmatic.	i don't want a president who 'cares'.	1
I don't have a proposed model.	It doesn't have to be braindead.	0
no missile witnesses.	no missile evidence.	3.2
officers have told me its bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	2.2
I have the pregnancy ticker.	My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.	4.2
Then he is malevolent.	Then he is not omnipotent.	1.4
tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?	tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?	3
Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.	Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.	4.2
If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.	If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.	2.6
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.	ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	2.4
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?	Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?	2.4
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.	1.6
It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	1.75
get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.	They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.	4.6
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	4.5
Out of touch and untrustworthy?	Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	4.25
In fact, it's just the Dutch.	It is mostly just the Dutch.	3.6
@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	4.8
slanted blogs And when did I do that?	claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?	2.6
How much is spent on abortions services?	% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	2.6
Did the transaction take place?	Why did that transaction take place.	2.4
There is no more sperm cell.	There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.	2.4
Anyway, welcome back.	Lacey - welcome back!	4
I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	4.4
I haven't made any claims.	If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.	2.4
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.	No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.	2.4
the problem is who doesn't have money.	the problem isn't who has money.	2.46666666666667
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.	But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	2.8
Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	3
If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..	If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.	2.4
Yes what are his charges.	Tell us what the charges were.	4
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?	Those are partial psychopaths.	1.8
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	4.2
its not an official deployment.	this is NOT a war deployment.	2.4
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	3.6
not well Alright just got in.	Alright just got in.	4
I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.	h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.	3
This is the Moloch scene.	That's not the Moloch scene, though.	2.4
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	4.4
You need to polish up on your logic skills.	You need to make up your mind.	0.6
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.	The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.	1.4
and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	3.8
OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college."	The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".	4.2
Income tax, top rate:  percent.	Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	2.4
Being drunk is unacceptable.	Bienging is unaccptable.	1
He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.	He hasn't been funny in years.	3.4
Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	2.4
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	5
And I don't fight for marriage.	It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	1.2
If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.	If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.	2.2
She was a nice lady.	She was a great lady.	4
Why hate people because they are successful?	He's not wealthy because he's successful.	0.8
You seem as irritated as Henry.	Not as irritated as you.	1.75
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	2.5
-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.	You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	0.8
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.	I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	3.4
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	3
I said YOU had gotten soft.	I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.	1.2
Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.	We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	3.8
Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.	Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.	4.4
So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.	Unless it's different in different countries?	3.6
The physical evidence does not support your claim.	The new study does not support your claim.	2.2
But he said EVERY level.	He said at EVERY level.	4.6
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.	2.2
It is mostly just the Dutch.	I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	4
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.	Let's let this play out in court.	3.8
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.	Being in a gang isnt a crime.	1.8
Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.	I'd offer Iran a deal.	4.2
Opinions are different.	Yes, they are both different.	1.2
It's imposing a law.	It's not imposing morals.	1.1
One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	3.8
LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.	PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	2.4
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?	You should put scientists on a pedestal.	3.4
I then asked: What are they trying to hide?	What are they trying to hide?	3.6
That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.	That would make you partially responsible for their death.	3
"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"	"Would you like to pay for others health care?"	0
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	4.4
I don't see him as evil at all.	I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.	2
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered.	3.4
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	0.9
Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.	Irreligion that does that I have a problem.	1.6
If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..	If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	3.2
If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?	If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?	1.4
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	1.53333333333333
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.	If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	3.1
Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.	Sometimes I fantasize about having power.	4.2
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	2.8
It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	3.6
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?	How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	2.4
"Get the government into everything?"	Regulation get the government into everything.	2.4
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	2.5
I've assumed this as well in my argument.	Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	2.8
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	3.6
I'm "a bunch of cells."	It's just a bunch of cells.	2.2
Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.	Mann's work was all about math.	1.6
I'm so sorry, Kelly.	I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.	4
I don't like many flavored drinks.	I don't like flavored beers.	3
I hope your LO is ok.	I hope everything is ok!	1.6
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.	any woman that wants birth control can get it.	1.6
Do you see Hitler killing Jews?	S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?	4.6
Your good friend Mitt.	And I'm your friend Mitt.	4
Doesnt mean its a BAD option.	It means its AN option.	1.6
You need to reread what I wrote.	I think you need to reread what I wrote.	5
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	lets assume we have % white and % black.	3.77777777777778
My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'	Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"	1.8
Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	3.6
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.	Holder filed a three-page letter.	2.8
@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.	@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.	2.2
This breaks the daily record of  set in .	This eclipses the old record of  set in .	4.8
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	0.9
So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.	I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	1.6
Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	4.8
Your misogyny is getting messy.	Your schtick is getting stale.	0.4
Nah, that's not how it works.	Is that how it works?	1.6
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	4.4
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.	wait until they become more consistent and closer together.	3.8
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.	Obama is extreme and leftwing.	4.8
@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.	@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.	2.5
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.	2.6
What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before?	4.4
Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	4.6
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.	The government does not determine if you are married or not.	3.6
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.	Democracy is a threat to liberty.	1.8
How many threads do you plan on making?	Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?	4
So which system isn't working for us?	Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?	4
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	4
Russians in Damascus!	Why are Russians in Damascus?	4.2
Er, that's not how dilution works.	Yes, it's about dilution.	1.8
I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.	Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.	3.8
Chaos is merely people voting.	Operation Chaos is merely people voting.	4
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis	Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	1.2
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	4.5
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.	Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	2
i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?	i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	3
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	There is no war in the Middle east.	4.6
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.	He had no intention of apprehending him.	2.4
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.6
I'm "a bunch of cells."	You're "a bunch of cells."	2.4
You are a girl douche.	What is a girl douche?	1.4
No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	2
voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	4
The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.	The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	3.4
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.	I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.	0.8
"Goblins don't exist" - fine.	"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.	1.6
He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?	"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"	1.6
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	1.8
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	1.8
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.	. Sinful people do not get to heaven.	1.8
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?	How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	3
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.8
What will be the response in California?	What was the "answer" in Chicago?	1.2
See that makes no sense.	The entire thing just makes no sense.	4.2
Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	4.8
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.	3.6
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.	Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.	1.4
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	4.57142857142857
Use of force by aggressor.	Use of force in defense of person.-A	1.2
That's what the historical record shows.	That's what the data available shows.	3.6
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
In fact, it's just the Dutch.	I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	2.6
I like watching kids play.	Ive watched kids play.	2.2
@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	4.8
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!	They're looking at each other!	2.8
Are you driving a fucking Volt?	Are you driving one?	2.6
Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.	Religion that does that I have a problem with.	1.4
Would he be better for American society?	I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.	1.6
again, this is not a constitutional issue.	not a constitutional issue.	4.4
Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	4.2
"Pressing the number one does English."	"What does pressing the number one do?"	1.6
What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be?	4.4
Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	3.8
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	3.4
Did anyone see the footage of this?	Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?	3
Red Fox standing by.	Red October standing by.	2
That just isn't how legal reasoning works.	That's just not how legal briefs are written.	3.2
You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.	No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.	3
He too notified Captain Lord.	Stone notified Captain Lord.	3.4
Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.	The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	2.2
Are you driving a fucking Volt?	Are you driving one?	2.6
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.	And that is happening in GOP controlled states.	0.8
 Foxe was mostly frozen.	in  Foxe basin was frozen.	4.2
@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.	@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.	4.2
Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.	Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.	1.2
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.8
Lower than  per cent but not very low.	Higher than  per cent but not very high.	1
It's not how it was sold, gb.	What isn't how what was sold?	1.6
God probably does not exist.	God definately does not exist.	2.6
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	4.4
I think we all agree on the nature of the change.	It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	2
The bad thing is there's space.	The great thing about living here is there's space.	1.8
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	4.5
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.	I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	3.8
It is a question that needs to be answered.	The question needs to be asked.	3.2
I purport to value human life very highly.	You purport to value life very heavily.	2.8
The mosquitoes posts.	The Infestation posts.	1.8
don't want a president that is compassionate.	i don't want a president who 'cares'.	4.6
Do you have anything to make it more compelling?	do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	2.4
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	3.4
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.4
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?	peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?	4
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.	Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.	1
Stop avoiding the question.	So answer the question.	3.4
Haiti has been a shithole.	Haiti is a shithole.	4.2
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	1.2
The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	4.4
I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	4
Voracek with the goal.	Jake with the assist.	0.4
Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.	Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?	3.2
Because the people had awakened.	The people had awakened.	4.2
The California was a cargo ship.	Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.	4
And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional."	Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."	2.6
The ignorance is yours!	Florida The ignorance is yours!	3.4
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.	I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.	1.6
How do you know which story is the right one?	How do you know what's right and wrong?	2.2
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	5
Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.	And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.	0.6
Obama is Bush's fault.	It is all Bush's fault.	1.2
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	2.4
Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.	I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	2.4
And you didn't have to.	Yet you didn't have to declare it.	2
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	4.6
Paul did not preach faith without works.	James : says faith without works is dead.	2.2
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	1.53333333333333
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	4.6
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	2.2
You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.	You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	2.6
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	3
This is rich coming from a conservative.	There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.	1.4
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!	Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!	1.6
Just so long as the tax is paid.	Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.	3.8
Islam has always been political.	fix?: Islam itself is not political.	1.2
Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	4
I hope everything is okay.	I hope everything is OK!	5
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?	Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?	3.2
Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	4
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.	depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.	4.6
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.	Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	3.8
His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.	Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.	2.4
There is no war in the Middle east.	There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	4.6
Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".	Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	3.8
 - Income, top rate:  percent.	Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	2.8
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	2.8
LOL, you are so ignorant.	No, I show you are willfully ignorant.	4
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3
the problem is who doesn't have money.	the problem isn't who has money.	2.46666666666667
Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.	Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.	2.8
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.	The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.	1
Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.	Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.	3.8
When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.	When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.	1.6
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.	Some believe the 'right' is most important.	1.2
Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.	Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	1.6
You want others to decide over a woman body.	I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.	2.8
Where in the world is the MEDIA??	Where in the world is Ron Paul?	0.8
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	2.4
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	3.4
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	 billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	1.53333333333333
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.	3.8
And I don't fight for marriage.	It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	1.2
People are responsible for their actions.	You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	1.6
Did the transaction take place?	Why did that transaction take place.	2.4
It's not the same thing.	It's about the baggage attached.	0
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.6
the problem is who doesn't have money.	the problem isn't who has money.	2.46666666666667
It doesn't say that it didn't participate.	What makes you think the owl didn't participate?	1.6
Look forward to seeing it!	lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!	1.8
Originally Posted by IZZY!	Originally Posted by jacko!	1.2
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.	Thanks Candy for starting the thread.	4.8
Except that they couldn't.	Except that it wasn't.	1
If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.	If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	2.2
If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.	If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.	4.8
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.	Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.	1.4
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	1.8
Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?	LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?	0.8
I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.	We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.	3.2
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	5
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.	A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.	3.6
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.	Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!	1.2
This is our country.	This is not your country.	1.4
Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.	Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.	1
Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.	Cone threw an  game.	4.2
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	4.8
The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.	The jury is not told about juror nullification.	1.6
paranoid Got any proof?	runs victim down Got any proof?	1
you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?	you don't use the search button much, do you?	4.2
Paul doesn't have a shot.	I don't think Paul has a shot.	3.6
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	3.2
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	4.57142857142857
What if they had a personal bias?	What if they messed up a study?	1
Specifically Gnostic.	Specifically a Baptist.	1.2
And parts of the west coast.	And a large part of the east coast.	0.8
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?	Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?	1.4
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.	Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.	2.6
What is your definition of "soul"?	. What is your definition of "life force"?	3.6
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.	That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.	2.6
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.	The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.	4
@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?	Could this have been an enema?	4.6
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.	my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.	0.4
mexico wishes to avoid more violence.	mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 	4
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.	spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 	4.2
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.	the treaty was first signed in 1990. 	4.2
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.	gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 	3.2
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.	safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 	0.6
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.	santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 	3.6
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 	3.6
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.	ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 	2
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.	investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 	4.4
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.	russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 	1.4
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.	the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	4.6
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.	russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 	2
the center will formally open in 2009.	the center will be operational in august 2008. 	2.2
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.	brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 	3.8
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.	regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 	3.6
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.	bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 	2.6
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.	georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 	4.8
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 	3.8
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 	2.8
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 	3.6
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.	reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 	4.2
methamphetamine is also known as ice.	the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 	3.4
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.	national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 	4
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 	4
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 	3.2
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 	4.4
myanmar was formerly called burma.	myanmar was formerly known as burma. 	5
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.	alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima. 	0
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 	3.8
these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child	human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers. 	4.2
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.	general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 	2.4
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.	alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 	3.6
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 	3.8
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.	south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 	2
russia is a member of the nsg.	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 	2.2
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.	anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 	4.6
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.	the deal has been in process for several years. 	0.6
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.	adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 	3.2
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.	french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 	4
the drug has been around in other forms for years.	no other drug has become as integral in decades. 	2
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.	the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 	3.4
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.	beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 	3.8
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 	4.2
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.	there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 	3.2
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 	5
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.	police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 	1.8
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.	2 of the individuals arrested were released. 	1.6
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 	4.6
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.	berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 	1.8
the osce meeting was held in madrid.	the osce meeting lasted two days. 	1.8
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 	4.8
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 	4.4
china is an important force for promoting world development.	china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 	3.4
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.	north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 	4.4
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.	a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 	1.2
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.	kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 	3.8
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	3.8
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.	john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 	1.4
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.	the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 	4
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.	kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 	4.4
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.	south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 	1.4
western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.	kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 	3.4
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.	russia ratified the amended treaty. 	3.4
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 	3.4
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 	3
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	3.8
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 	4.4
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.	a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 	3.4
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on	north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 	4
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.	abuja is the capital of 	0.8
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.	the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 	4.6
abuja is the capital of	tirana is the capital of 	1
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.	in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 	3.2
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 	3.6
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 	4.2
north korea is a reclusive state.	china is north korea's closest ally. 	1.2
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.	libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	4.2
it presents a major threat to global security.	goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 	3.6
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.	cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 	2
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.	activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 	4.2
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.	restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 	3.8
khoramabad is a city in western iran.	zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 	1.2
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.	detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 	3.25
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.	existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 	4.2
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.	the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 	2.4
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.	myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 	4.6
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.	jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 	4.4
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.	france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 	1.8
capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 	3.2
bae systems is the uk's largest military	bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 	3.4
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.	lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 	2.8
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.	additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 	3.8
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.	withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 	3.4
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.	fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 	1.8
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.	government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 	2.8
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.	president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies. 	3.2
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.	turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 	1.8
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 	3.4
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.	syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 	5
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.	amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 	1.4
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.	the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 	2.2
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.	the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 	5
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.	shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 	0.6
lima is the capital of	paris is the capital of france. 	0.6
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.	an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 	3.4
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.	russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	4.6
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.	the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 	1.8
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.	china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 	4.2
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.	the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 	2.6
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.	arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 	2.8
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.	the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 	4.8
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.	zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 	4.4
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.	non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 	4
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 	4.2
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.	estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 	3.8
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.	britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 	3.2
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.	opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 	3.4
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.	wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 	3
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.	the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 	3.4
many of the people executed are hanged in public.	many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 	3.4
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 	3.8
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.	the cfe is very important for european security. 	5
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.	indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 	5
the iaea report is restricted.	the matter is delicate. 	0
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.	last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 	2.4
the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.	the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 	3.6
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.	indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 	2
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.	the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 	4.2
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.	myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 	3.75
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 	4
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.	india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 	3
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.	the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 	3.6
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption. 	1.8
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 	4.8
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.	the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 	3.2
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 	3.8
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 	5
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 	3.2
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member	the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 	3.8
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.	bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 	1
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.	elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 	4
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.	the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 	2.2
the treat was originally signed in 1990.	the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 	3.2
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.	the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 	4
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 	3.8
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).	13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 	2.6
the osce meeting lasted two days.	the meetings lasted 2 days. 	3.4
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 	1.4
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.	the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 	3.2
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.	hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 	5
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.	the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 	1
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.	the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 	5
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.	the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 	5
it presents a major threat to global security.	it is a serious threat to international security. 	4.2
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 	2.4
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 	4.2
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.	dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 	2.6
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.	a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 	3.4
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 	3.6
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.	many of the attacks originated abroad. 	1.8
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.	police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 	1.4
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.	if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 	3.6
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.	egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 	4
france is a leader in the european space agency.	russia already participates in the european space agency's 	1.2
myanmar has a military junta.	myanmar is a military state. 	3
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.	it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 	1.8
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.	amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 	3.2
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 	4.2
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes	the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 	4
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.	the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 	3.2
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.	the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 	3.4
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?	amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 	3.8
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.	naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 	2.4
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.	29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 	3.4
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.	the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 	2
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.	the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 	3.2
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 	3.4
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.	illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. 	3.2
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.	n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 	3.4
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.	elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 	4.6
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.	drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 	1.6
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 	5
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.	wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 	4.8
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.	united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 	1.2
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.	7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 	4.6
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 	2.8
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.	the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 	3.4
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.	van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 	2.6
bam is a city in southeastern	zahedan is a city in southeastern 	1.8
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.	president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 	4.4
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.	china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 	4
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.	brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 	3.8
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 	1.6
the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.	variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 	3.6
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.	indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 	3.6
the killers escaped.	the iaea report is restricted. 	0
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 	2.2
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.	sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 	3.6
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.	the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 	1.2
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.	nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 	4.2
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.	blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 	3.4
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 	0
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.	the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 	3.8
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.	physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 	4.4
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 	3.4
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.	the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 	3
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.	santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 	4
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.	do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 	0.8
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 	4
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.	vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 	5
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.	government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 	1
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 	5
russia ratified the amended treaty.	russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 	5
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.	the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 	2.2
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.	elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 	4.8
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 	1.8
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.	chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 	2.2
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 	2.6
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.	cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 	4.4
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.	if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 	1.2
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.	the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 	4.8
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.	88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 	3.8
iran is an islamic republic .	sharia is islamic law. 	1.2
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.	a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 	3
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.	in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 	4.6
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.	according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 	3.2
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.	naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 	0.2
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 	4.8
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.	it will be hosted by the australian government. 	0
p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.	the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 	3.6
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its	in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 	4.2
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 	2.6
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.	the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 	3.8
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.	the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 	3.8
france is a leader in the european space agency.	ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 	1.6
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.	the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 	3.2
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 	3.2
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.	iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 	3
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.	tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 	2.6
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 	1
the western governments include the united states and france.	the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 	0.4
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.	the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 	1
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.	a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 	4.2
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.	putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 	3.6
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.	ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 	3.4
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	3.6
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.	the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 	0.8
paris is the capital of france.	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 	0.4
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.	an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 	1.4
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.	china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 	2.4
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.	japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 	1.2
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.	the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 	3.2
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.	some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 	3.6
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.	iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 	4
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.	a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 	2.2
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 	2.6
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.	the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail. 	2.2
the meetings lasted 2 days.	the meeting was 3 days long. 	2.8
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 	3.6
china is a permanent member of the un security	china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 	3
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.	north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 	2
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.	australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 	3.4
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 	3
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.	the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 	2.6
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.	the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 	3
israel remains outside the treaty.	india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 	2
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.	china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 	0
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.	russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 	4.4
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.	this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 	0.4
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.	iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 	3.6
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.	a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 	0.6
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.	both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 	1.8
it is a serious threat to international security.	russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 	1.8
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.	the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 	3
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.	at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 	3.4
the international atomic energy agency is based in	the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 	1.2
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.	the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 	0
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.	40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 	1.4
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.	russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 	2
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 	3.6
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 	4
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 	3.2
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.	lugar and nunn are senators. 	1.8
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.	officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 	4
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.	signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 	3
in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.	in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 	3.6
leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.	after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 	3.2
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.	the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 	3.6
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.	the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 	2
there is much work to be done.	there is much concern over the drug. 	0.4
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.	the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar. 	3
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 	3
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 	3.4
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.	the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 	3
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	2.6
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.	indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 	1.8
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 	3.8
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.	3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 	2.4
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.	6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 	0.8
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.	this further aggravated the situation. 	2
doing as one pleases or chooses;	there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases, there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned.	0.6
being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language;	this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as "associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy" for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications.	0.8
win something through one's efforts;	a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession, and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary, the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled.	0.8
a standard or typical example;	this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	1.2
lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances;	this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	0.4
place (something) where one cannot find it again;	this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver, which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver, where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject.	1.8
failure to be present	a person takes leave from his or her routine activity (such as work or school) for a duration of time. the duration can be any length of time, as long as the absence is temporary.	2.2
meet by design; be present at the arrival of;	a trigger elicits a response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event.	0
an account of the series of events making up a person's life	a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	1.6
provide (usually but not necessarily food);	an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient. in the absence of further qualifications, it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme.	0.8
territory over which rule or control is exercised;	this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	1.2
abstain from doing; always used with a negative;	an agent actively (yet not always with success) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is (usually) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent.	2.4
engage for a performance;	lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date.	0
the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death);	the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	2.2
having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome;	an agent has attempted to achieve a goal, and the actual outcome of the agent's action has been resolved, so that it either specifically matches the agent's intent (e.g. success) or does not match it (e.g. failure).	2
come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;	a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	0.4
discipline in personal and social activities;	a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	0.2
a concept of quantity involving zero and units;	this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	1.6
inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of;	this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with a co-resident.	2.8
(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language	a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	1.2
what something is used for;	a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade, including another tool.	2.4
suffer the loss of a person through death or removal;	this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased.	2
a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something;	this frame contains (transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count, unit and process.  in this frame, we will not annotate deictic, calendric uses of nouns like week, month, etc. as in "next week, this month, in the 21st century".	0.8
hit against; come into sudden contact with;	while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	4
a request for something to be made, supplied, or served;	a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	2.4
slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)	this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	2.4
satisfy a condition or restriction;	in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group. alternatively, a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen, purpose only relates to party_1.	0
a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose;	this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	2.6
devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black;	there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location.      the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness, as shown in the following examples	1.8
a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;	a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	2.8
the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future;	a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic.	3.8
the way something is with respect to its main attributes;	an entity is in a specified state. when not explicitly specified, the state usually concerns the entity's health, repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity.	1.6
having a strong physiological or chemical effect;	this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is.	2.2
a committee having supervisory powers;	this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	1.2
greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount;	this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	0
financial assistance in time of need	a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation	1.4
of major significance or importance;	an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous, though if it is, it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to a time or place.	1.6
exercise authority over; as of nations;	these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position (e.g. director, king, president), and verbs describing the action of leadership (e.g. rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often a name of a leading position, e.g., king)	1.4
succeed in reaching; arrive at;	an object theme moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context, but its is always implied by the verb itself.	1.5
belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public;	this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally a common attribute.	3.2
the occupation for which you are paid;	an employee has a position doing work in a particular field, or doing work on a particular task, for which an employer gives compensation to the employee.	2.6
unlike in nature or quality or form or degree;	a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context.	1
a social unit living together;	this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	0.2
(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc;	the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	0.6
a line leading to a place or point;	a theme traverses a trajectory. this trajectory consists of a source, path, and goal. if the theme is sentient, the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme.	1.8
make a proposal, declare a plan for something;	this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	1.6
a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage);	an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	3
lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style;	an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	2
unique or specific to a person or thing or category;	a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	2.6
an instance or single occasion for some event;	this frame describes a particular instance of an event.	3.4
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;	an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute.    note that in this frame, the entity does not experience the temperature, but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	1
a collection of things sharing a common attribute;	this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	2.6
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function;	an agent occupies a role in some institution. this roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned.	1.4
be adjacent or come together;	a figure is located relative to a ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location (generally, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location (generally, the deictic center).	0.4
a participant in a date;	this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally, participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe, attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	2.8
a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine;	this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	1.6
fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;	this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	1.8
a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened	an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	1.4
(used of color) having a dark hue;	this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target a specific aspect of color.	1.2
a record in which commercial accounts are recorded;	a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity.	2.8
the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear;	this frame covers words for body_part(s) (bp) belonging to a possessor (poss), which may be characterized by a descriptor (desc). the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location. a subregion of a bp may also be indicated.	1
contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle;	an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases, a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	0
the condition of living or the state of being alive;	a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	2.6
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance;	an agent acts so as to be the strongest force, or most important causal factor in some situation, to the exclusion of other competing actors.	2.4
of good quality and condition; solidly built;	an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame (e.g. great, good) can only express permanent, generic states of the entity.	1.2
drive something violently into a location;	an agent causes an impactor to make sudden, forcible contact with an impactee, or manipulates two (or more) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact.	0.8
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;	an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer's subjective standard of comfort.	1.2
have life, be alive;	a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	1.4
spend time in prison or in a labor camp;	a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time.	2
give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;	in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	2.6
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;	the temperature in a certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	1
deserving or inciting pity;	a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against a background assumption that previously, the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist.	0
how a result is obtained or an end is achieved;	an agent makes use of a means (either an action or a (system of) entities standing in for the action) in order to achieve a purpose. (this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions.)	2.2
act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;	an developer develops a product, in some cases for a company.	0.4
a record or narrative description of past events;	a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	0.8
the effect of one thing (or person) on another;	an influencing_variable, an influencing_situation, or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity, dependent_variable, or a dependent_situation.  compare to subjective_influence. words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world, where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers.	2.4
having little impact;	an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	0.2
a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities	this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	0
narrate or give a detailed account of;	a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is generally passive, although for many types of address (including academic talks and press conferences), a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required.	1.6
the specified day of the month;	the word(s) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	0.8
(music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated	this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole's orientation, center, or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part, e.g. relating to its size.	0
serve a purpose, role, or function;	an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role.	2.2
the land on which real estate is located;	a place defined by an owner.	2
a body of rules followed by an assembly	a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction, dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it, and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body.	2.2
the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned;	the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	1.6
free of clouds or rain;	ambient conditions of temperature, precipitation, windiness, and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated.	1
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings;	an individual or group (practitioner) or a part of their work life (work) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively, the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	1.2
consistent with fact or reality; not false;	a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information.	1.6
worthy of being depended on;	this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, analogously to behaver-evaluating words, can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic.	0
a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock;	this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	0.8
be used by; as of a utility;	an entity has the ability to contain a theme.	0
family based on male descent;	this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	0.8
work for or be a servant to;	two individuals, the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind.	2
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something;	lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well.	2.4
(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ;	this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body.	0.4
the striking or working surface of an implement	in this frame, there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective, as in	0
a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation;	an event takes place at a place and time.	1
a range of mental vision;	there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. alternatively, the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [note the connection with *distance, sufficiency, and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased "close enough to be able to".]	0
a major division of a long written composition;	in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (down to up and vice versa). the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality.	0.8
be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious;	a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition.	2.2
having strength or power greater than average or expected;	an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	1.4
a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes	an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	0.2
give help or assistance; be of service;	a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	1.5
speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way;	a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	0.6
the territory occupied by a nation;	this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	3.4
establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment;	the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	1.6
a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives;	the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	1
put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;	an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose.	1.4
be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt;	this frame concerns a cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed.	1.8
deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon;	the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part, in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer.	0.8
having skin rich in melanin pigments;	a useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	0
seek information from;	in a text, a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled, with the source_of_information made salient.	1.6
look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;	a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text.	3.4
be able to distinguish, recognize as being different;	words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware (or not being aware) of the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed jointly or disjointly.	2
imply as a possibility;	the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	0.8
a formal association of people with similar interests;	this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	2.25
stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy	in this frame an evaluee is described by a (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	0.6
recite or repeat a fixed text;	an author creates a text, either written, such as a letter, or spoken, such as a speech, that contains meaningful linguistic tokens, and may have a particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic, although the latter is not an fe in this frame.	1.33333333333333
power to direct or determine;	a controlling_entity, controlling_situation, or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent, element or some aspect of it is not just influenced, but determined by the controlling element.	2.6
fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;	this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession (i.e. robbery or gambling) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession.	2.2
unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment;	these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent, usually with regard to another person (the controllee) and often with regard to a particular issue. the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in (expressed by) an agent or by some medium (e.g., laws), or by some behavior of the agent, i.e., the controlling_act.	1.6
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine;	some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	0
a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games;	an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	0
record a charge in a police register;	authorities charge a suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed a crime (the charges), and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter.	0.8
interpret something that is written or printed;	the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	1.8
(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;	this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy.	1.6
a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together);	a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	3
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;	an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided.	1.4
the state of being absent;	an entity exists at a particular location, at a particular time, as observed by an implicit observer. a depictive and/or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity's existence.     in some cases, the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	0.4
affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely;	an entity undergoes some change (the event) that is (or is construed as) punctual. (this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited.)	0.6
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water	the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	0.8
very pleasing to the eye;	an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a (generally implicit) judge.	3.2
an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);	the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	2
fill or meet a want or need	an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard. alternatively, an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard. in this frame, the agent, entity, or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale.	1.2
characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;	an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	0.4
a relation such that one thing is dependent on another;	the answer to one open question, the outcome, is dictated (partially or completely) by the answer to another open question, the determinant, i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known, the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed.	2.4
(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container);	this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter.	1.2
free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound;	these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a (usually unexpressed) judge to give, either in a specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames, medium may also be expressed.	1
be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object;	an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a (typically generic and backgrounded) cognizer on a certain number of occasions, causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer.	2.6
(of a baseball) hit between the foul lines;	words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	0.2
a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities	these words refer to parts merging to form a whole. (the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2.) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole.	3
a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view	a man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	2
look forward to the probable occurrence of;	words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame (e.g. foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true, while others do not.	2.2
help to some food; help with food or drink;	a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	2
a pane of glass in a window;	an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building.	0.6
the feelings expressed on a person's face;	the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	3.4
a district that has been developed to serve some purpose;	geography as defined by its use.	2.4
be or become visible or noticeable;	a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known, given the (usually implicit) evidence, perceiver, and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, such as visible, audible, etc., the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience.	3.2
devoted (sometimes fanatically) to a cause or concept or truth;	this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	0
immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with;	an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	2.2
surpassing what is common or usual or expected;	lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale.	0.8
decide with authority;	an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case.	2.8
the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation;	this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	3.2
intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;	a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	1.8
activity directed toward making or doing something;	an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal. alternatively, a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression.	1.2
(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families	this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	2.8
a particular day specified as the time something happens;	this frame contains words referring to items of food.	0
having little money or few possessions;	a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness, in other words the amount of money in their possession.	0.8
a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment;	an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis. this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result.	2.6
not faint or feeble;	a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	0
living things collectively;	this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life.	1.6
a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge;	this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	0.2
having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual;	this frame has to do with the repetition (and especially the frequency of repetition) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame.	0
not excessive or extreme;	this frame contains transparent nouns (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group, set, these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own. initially, at least, we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame, though we may split the frame along these lines later on.	0
relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind;	the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	1.8
make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of;	an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	1.6
separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;	lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	0.4
decide on and make a declaration about;	in this frame, which is a part of the trial sequence, a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case.	0.8
a language unit by which a person or thing is known;	this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	2
established customary state (especially of society);	the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is, therefore, marked as a null instantiation.	0.6
showing a brooding ill humor;	the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs.     the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases, as shown in the following	0
rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration	a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process.	0
make a discovery, make a new finding;	a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society.	2.6
a characteristic state or mode of living;	an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	2.6
animation and energy in action or expression;	a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	2.66666666666667
(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans	this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	0.6
a place where work is done;	geography as defined by its use.	0.2
(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;	an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	0.4
establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study;	a person (the cognizer) comes to believe something (the content), sometimes after a process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic, i.e. that which the mental content is about.	2
state or say further;	this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	1
involving substantial risk;	this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring. the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element.  notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb, that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event.	0
take or consume (regularly or habitually);	in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as a direct object.	1.8
to hear and understand;	the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication, but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument.	2.6
material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use);	the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	0.8
(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera;	this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	2.8
come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost;	a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground.	2.4
(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed;	in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	2
an indication that something has been present;	a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in a location.	3.2
finish third or better in a horse or dog race;	a competition comes to an end, with a competitor tying, winning, or losing against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (in the symmetrical situation of a tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors.) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved, they may receive a rank or a prize. the margin may also be mentioned.	1.2
Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico	Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	2.6
SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict	SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case	4.4
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities	Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	2.6
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	3.8
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday	Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	4.2
Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video	Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war	3
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law	Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	3.8
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition	NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	3.2
Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10	Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	4
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century	Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	0.8
Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast	Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast	1.4
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership	Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	2.4
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea	Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	2.4
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack	Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	3.2
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria	Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	3.8
7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule	Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	0.4
Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote	Netanyahu set to call early vote	4.4
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history	Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	2.8
Polls open in Russian presidential election	Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	1
Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	0.75
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate	Indian finance minister quits to run for president	0.2
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	3.8
7 Tibetans self-immolate in China	Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	2.4
Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks	White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	3.6
Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis	Annan warns talks of Syria risks	2
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia	Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	1.4
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics	Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	4.8
Nigeria: University Bombed in North	Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	2.2
U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official	US says ready to help blind Chinese activist	3.4
China's Wen promises job creation	China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	3.2
Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria	Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria	1.8
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero	Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	4
Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead	Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	1
Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic	Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	1
2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries	Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	4.8
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe	Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	3.2
Romney names Ryan as running mate	Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	5
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal	Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	3.6
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts	Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp	4
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan	NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	2.2
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter	Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	1.8
Nigeria church blast kills at least 12	Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	0.6
French presidential election: first round - live updates	French election turnout higher than expected	1
Australia creates world's largest marine reserves	Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	4.4
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman	Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	1.6
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan	Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	1.4
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government	Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	4
Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope	Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope	2.8
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death	Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	3.6
Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'	Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	3.8
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles	Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	1.4
Polls open in France for presidential election	Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	1
The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government	Berri says ready to help launch national unity government	0.4
Reopen Madeleine case, police urge	Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	0.6
16 killed in north Iraq attacks	13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks	1.8
Mayday: fears for asylum seekers	Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	1.4
NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south	ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	3
Coty bids $10 billion for Avon	Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon	4.6
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors	UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	3.2
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin	Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	5
Probe into motor insurance market	Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	0.6
Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans	Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall	2.4
China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace	China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace	4.2
AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels	22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy	0.4
South Korea to boost nuclear power?	South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	1.2
Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash	Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	1.6
'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'	US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	1.6
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion	AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn	4.8
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day	Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	1.2
Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk	Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted	0.8
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block	Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	4.2
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset	Woman dies after abortion refusal	0.6
Greece looks set for repeat election	Greece votes in crucial election	1.8
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria	U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	2.2
Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts	Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	3.6
I'll Have Another wins Preakness	I'll Have Another retired to stud	1
Journalists smuggled out of Homs	Syria journalists rescue bid fails	0.6
New rules for US Secret Service	New sex claim hits Secret Service	1.8
Iranians “confess” to nuclear scientist murders	Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall	1.2
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	4.6
Mandela released from hospital	Rimsha Masih released on bail	0
180 killed in Iran earthquake	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	0
Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video	ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers	3.2
British Christians take complaints to European court	Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	0
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees	Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	1.6
Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	1.4
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain	Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	1.6
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS	No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	1.6
IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead	IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	3.2
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38	Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	2.2
9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk	18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	1.4
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	2
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel	Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel	3.4
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers	Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	3.2
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand	Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	2.4
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	4.8
US decries Pakistan doctor's fate	US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA	2.8
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser	What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	0.4
US school bans hugging	New Jersey School Bans Hugging	3.6
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	4.6
Tsunami warning after Canada quake	Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	2.4
US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000	'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case	0.8
Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock	Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	3.8
3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq	7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey	0.4
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building	Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	4.6
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent	Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	1
Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut	Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	0.4
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales	Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	2.6
Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal	Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	0.8
12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan	4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	0.8
China stocks open lower Friday	China stocks close mixed Friday	1.6
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots	India bans bulk texts after riots	0.8
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site	UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	2.4
Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast	Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	3.6
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali	Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	3.75
Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start	Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	4.2
Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat	Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	4
Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'	Man killed in French terror raid	4.8
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Dali painting stolen from gallery	3.8
Capello resigns as England manager	Capello quits as England manager	5
1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting	One dead in Ohio school shooting	3.2
Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike	2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	2.4
Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes	Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	3.2
Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast	Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	4
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign	Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	3.6
The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	2
Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes	'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	4.4
Annan urges end to Syrian violence	Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects	3.8
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election	Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	0
Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote	Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	0.6
Syria says troops have begun pullout – video	Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs	3.4
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims	Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	2.6
CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%	MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	0.8
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths	Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	2.8
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco	Strong earthquake hits Mexico	3.6
Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	3.8
Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill	Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	4.2
Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding	Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ	1.6
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board	Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	2.6
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network	UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	4.4
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car	Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	0
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	4
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	4.8
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions	Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	2.2
Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics	Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	1.6
Four men admit London bombs plot	Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	4
Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria	PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria	3.8
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire	Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	1.6
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia	Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	3.8
Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory	Senators can return to playoffs with victory	1.4
Syria's tenuous truce takes hold	Syria urges refugees to return	1
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree	US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	4.2
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling	Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up	1.2
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal	Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	0.4
China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday	China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	3.8
South Africa train crash kills 26	South Africa train crash kills at least 19	3.6
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars	Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	4
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China	Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	3.8
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey	Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	1
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder	Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	3.8
Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others	Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	3.4
Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks	Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	1.8
Gusmao powers on in East Timor	Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	3.6
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings	UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	4.4
Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	3.8
NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet	NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	4.8
Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs	Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	1.4
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border	Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army	0.8
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday	Five killed in China building collapse	0.2
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces launch new attacks	3.4
Israel braces for Arab protests	Syrians trade blame over blasts	0.2
Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up	Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	1.4
John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91	Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	4.6
Johnson re-elected London mayor	Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	3.8
Breivik gets 21-year sentence	Breivik drops far-right salute in court	1
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder	Second teenager charged with murder	1.4
Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'	French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	0.8
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud	US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	4.2
Polls open across France in presidential election	Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote	1.8
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport	Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	3.2
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest	Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	4.6
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty	Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	4.6
Mandela Discharged From Hospital	S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	4.2
NZ to increase exports to China	UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	0.2
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt	Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	1
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco	1.6
Muslims torch Buddhist temples	Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	3.6
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan	U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan	0.4
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy	Mali future interim president readies to take office	0
10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast	9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes	1.2
Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks	Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks	1.8
British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal	Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named	2.2
Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win	Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	3.8
Bahrain rejects activists' appeal	Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal	3.8
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US	Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	3.6
Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents	Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	0
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo	JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	0
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct	Algerian government parties dominate elections	2.4
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid	Security official killed in Yemen	0.6
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on	US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	3.2
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate	Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	5
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan	NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	1
Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading	Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	1.4
India allows Pakistan investment	No blocks to investment	2
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan	Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan	2.6
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	0.8
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	3.6
Nadal through to seventh French Open final	Nadal tumbles into French Open final	4
Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says	Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	3.2
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	4.4
Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house	Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House	1.6
Finance minister promises no new taxes	Government promises action on Heathrow queues	0.4
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave	Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	5
Alps attack: Girl returns to UK	orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	4
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate	Obama team raises debate stakes	2.8
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash	Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	0.8
U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks	Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks	3.2
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies	Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally	2.8
Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists	Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests	1.2
Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility	Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO	3.8
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast	Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	4.4
Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government	Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office	2.33333333333333
2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured	Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	3.4
Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid	Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy	0.4
8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	3.8
Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court	Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	4
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia	Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	2
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis	Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	1
Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus	Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	3.6
Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'	Mob kills man for burning Quran	4
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials	US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	1.8
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	4.6
Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	1.8
France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official	Sarkozy announces re-election bid	4.2
US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release	US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	4.6
Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station	Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device	3.4
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	3
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority	French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	3.8
Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison	Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	0.6
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring	Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring	3.8
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame	Romney wins Florida Republican primary	1.8
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan	US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	2.6
At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing	At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	2.6
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China	2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	2.4
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati	Head of CIA resigns over affair	0
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring	France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	4
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn	Sony reports record annual loss	3.6
Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike	12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	0.4
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End	9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	1.4
Barclays hit by fresh US probe	Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	4.4
Closed roads in Armenia	US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	0.4
Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs	Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK	1.25
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime	EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	4.4
US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials	US drone strike kills 8 militants	2.2
Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)	Russians rally against Putin's rule	3.4
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest	Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	4
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday	China stocks open flat Monday	1.4
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor	Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	4.6
Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage	Obama endorses same-sex marriage	2.6
Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane	Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials	4.2
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership	Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	3.8
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN	Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	0.6
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	3.6
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	3.6
Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	4.2
Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	1.6
Joachim Gauck elected as German president	East German rights activist Gauck elected president	4
South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff	South Africa starts investigating mine violence	2.4
Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed	Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think	2.6
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident	3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	0.4
Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency	Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency	3.6
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	1
Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians	Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees	4.8
First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82	Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	4
Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	4.8
WA man arrested in police drug raid	Man arrested over double murder	0.8
Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours	Florida counties extend early voting	2.8
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands	Warship sets sail for Falklands	3.8
QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	1
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks	Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	2.8
Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip	Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	1
Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race	Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	4.25
US Marines killed in base attack	Syrian journalists killed in capital	0.6
US helping get arms to Syria rebels	GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	2.4
UN observers reach Syria massacre village	U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	4.4
PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality	Publisher acquitted in privacy case	0.4
Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat	American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	0
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election	Greek PM to announce new election	2.8
Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina	Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change	1.6
No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay	No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	3.2
Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders	Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	0
Charges over dog attack on police	Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones	0
Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it	Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	2.2
Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China	Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	5
Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out	Eurozone backs Greek bailout	4.8
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	1.8
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	1.6
Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base	Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	1
Two blasts rock Syrian capital	Two blasts hit Syria capital	4.8
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal	BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	3.6
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	4.8
Egyptian Christians choose new pope	In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	3.2
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met	US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met	5
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday	Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	1
Greece to vote on 2013 budget	Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	3.6
Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia	Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama	4.4
U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks	U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	4
Obama backs same-sex marriage	Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	2.6
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos	Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	2.8
England captain Strauss retires from cricket	England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	4.8
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film	Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	3.8
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener	Journalists hail London Olympics opening	1
Tokyo stocks open lower	Aust stocks open lower	1.5
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents	WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails	3.4
Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)	Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	3
Mali's President Formally Resigns	Mali's President Hands in Resignation	4.6
War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution	China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	3.6
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack	Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	1.4
FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13	FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	1.6
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria	HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria	4.2
Israel among top arms exporters and importers	Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	3.8
Somali MPs to elect new president	Egyptians to vote for new president	0.8
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title	Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	5
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners	Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	3.6
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	China stocks close mixed Friday	2.6
Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures	Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	3.8
Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters	Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses	1.6
15 killed in crash in India	43 killed in bus crash	1.6
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years	Putin sworn in as Russian president	4
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv	China trade returns to surplus in March	0
Five things to watch in the presidential debate	Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	2.2
Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport	2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport	2.2
Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce	Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	1.4
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100	Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre	3
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks	South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	4.4
Day begins amid panic	Conspiracy against me - Lance	0.2
US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief	Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent	1
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine	Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan	0
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback	Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	3.2
Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation	Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	3.8
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic	Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	4
Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film	Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	2.8
Polls close in Senegal's presidential election	Polls open in Russian presidential election	1.4
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba	Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	4.4
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark	Romanian president declared victory	0.6
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism	Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	3.6
Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank	Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	1.4
Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office	Mali interim leader takes office	4.2
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election	Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	3.8
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence	AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	1.6
EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs	EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	3.4
Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing	Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	1.8
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa	More than 30 striking miners killed	3.8
Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats	Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters	1.2
Music industry mourns Whitney Houston	Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	3.4
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba	Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	2.6
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites	Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	4.5
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday	China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	1.8
Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year	Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	0
Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case	Man convicted in Vatican leaks case	2.6
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win	Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	2.8
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	3.8
Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization	Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	3.4
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash	Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	1.4
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit	Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	4
US man recovers car 42 years after theft	Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	4
Larry Page says Android important, not critical	Google CEO says Android important, not critical	4
Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president	Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president	3.8
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states	Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	3.6
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight	Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	0.8
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies	Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	0
Romney Promises to 'Restore America'	Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'	3.8
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized	Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	0.6
Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.	Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	2.2
Israeli president released from hospital	Mandela released from hospital	1.2
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double	Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	4
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her	Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	3.8
Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze	Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	0.6
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests	Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	2.8
Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province	Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels	2.6
Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title	Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	3.2
Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'	Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	3
Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis	Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	3.4
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns	Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	1
Obama, Romney prepare to debate	Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	4.2
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya	First significant gas found offshore Kenya	0.8
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan	Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	2.2
CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base	At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials	3.2
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt	8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	3.4
Britain savors golden night on track	Glorious triple-gold night for Britain	3.2
Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo	Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	0.6
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	1.6
Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election	Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	0.8
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case	Police 'did not link' Savile claims	1.2
Eurozone unemployment hits record high	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	3.4
James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB	James Murdoch quits BSkyB	4.2
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91	Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	4.8
US presidential election 2012	Egypt presidential election May 23-24	0.6
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	3.4
UN team investigates Syrian massacre	UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	4
AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks	AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	3.6
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick	AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	4.2
China's defence spending to rise 11.2%	China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	4
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six	String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	0
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum	Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	3.8
News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M	Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	4.4
US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief	US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	3.8
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	3.8
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India	Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed	0.8
Egyptians go to polls in historic election	Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	4
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty	JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	3.8
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake	Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	2.2
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control	US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	4.8
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails	Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	2
Obama Secret Service agents sent home	Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	0.4
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ	Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	2
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls	Obama and Romney focus on swing-states	0.4
Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale	Trade newspaper Variety up for sale	4
Sex attack on woman investigated	'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	0.2
Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert	Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	1.8
Eight more bodies found on ship	'Scores of bodies' found in Syria	1.4
Thoughts on race relations under a black president	Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	0.8
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match	Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	1.8
Australian speaker steps aside	Australians flee homes amid floods	0.8
Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller	How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	4.4
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials	US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	2.4
Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	1.2
US spends $50m on carp invasion	UK spends £3m on foreign prisons	1.6
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre	Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	2.6
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout	Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	2.2
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus	Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	1.4
France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform	France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone	1.8
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record	Avengers sets box office record	1.2
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	1
Spanish dilemma gets more acute	Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	3.4
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	0.6
China stocks open lower Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	2.4
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal	Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	1
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary	Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary	4.8
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen	Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	3.6
Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol	Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood	3.4
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	2.8
Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial	Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years	1.8
Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany	Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	2
Israel bars German author Grass over poem	Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	4.4
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	1.8
U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians	NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	2.4
East Timor votes in presidential election	Hollande wins French presidential election	1.6
Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges	Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges	4.8
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable	Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	1.8
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade	Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	3.6
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes	Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says	2
Oil rises after Greek election result	Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears	1.4
Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears	Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	2.4
6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	2.4
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets	Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	4.6
Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice	China activist Chen lands in US	1.2
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	3.2
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	4.4
Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	3
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid	Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	1
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six	Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	1
Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics	Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	3
Obama to visit Korean DMZ	Obama silent on China dissident	0.6
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout	Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound	2.8
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory	Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire	3.6
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill	House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	3.8
Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee	Prince Philip hospitalised in London	3.6
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam	Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba	1.4
'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72	'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies	3.8
Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt	Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt	3
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby	Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	2.2
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan	Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	2
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus	World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	3
Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86	Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	4
Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III	Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies	3.6
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline	World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	2.4
South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners	South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	4.2
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population	Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	2.4
Who cares about the Syrian people?	Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	1.2
Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home	Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home	4.6
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano	Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	4
Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain	Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	3.8
Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	3.6
Mauritanian president shot at	Mauritanian president shot by army unit	3.8
Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists	Syria hands over bodies of journalists	1.4
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial	Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	4.6
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	3.8
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement	9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	5
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program	Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	1.8
EU plans major new sanctions against Iran	EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	4.4
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA	Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	3
Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	3
Assad makes Red Cross pledge	Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	2
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others	Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	4
180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes	At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	2.6
Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage	Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	5
Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case	Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	0.6
Putin claims victory in presidential vote	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	4.2
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow	Clinton ready to fight for Obama	1
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate	Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	4.4
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue	European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	2.2
Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others	Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	4.6
Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban	Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	4.2
Killer may have filmed France school shooting	Gunman may have filmed school massacre	3
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher	Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	1.6
Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub	Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub	4.5
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church	Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	0.8
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis	Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	1
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers	Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker	1.2
Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures	Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	0.8
'Hunger Games' sets box office records	Avengers sets box office record	1.6
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election	Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	4.2
German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling	Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing	0
Putin to win Russia's presidential election	Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	1.4
Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China	UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China	4.8
Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross	Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross	4.4
Libyans transfer weapons to army	Libyans begin handing in weapons	3.2
Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts	British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	2.4
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	4.2
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says	George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	4
India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians	Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	3.8
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2.8
At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze	Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	1
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions	Penn State football players react to sanctions	2.4
Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster	Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	0.5
NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash	UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	1
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed	Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	3.2
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details	Manchester United slashes price for US IPO	2.4
Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses	Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	1
Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain	Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking	3.2
U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons	France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	2.2
'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest	Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	4.4
General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement	Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	0.8
Indonesian president to visit Australia	Indonesian president to visit UK	1.4
ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention	ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns	3.4
Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention	Storm delays start of Republican convention	4.4
Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation	Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio	2.8
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials	At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	0.8
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany	President Mills must quit - Lecturer	2.6
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship	Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	5
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend	Japan closes last nuclear reactor	4.2
Ryanair chief hails report findings	Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	1.2
Russian air force's 100th anniversary	Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	4.4
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	2.2
China's yuan weakens against USD for third day	China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	3.2
Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia	Apple iPad mini makes debut	3.4
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests	Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	1.6
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years	Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	2.4
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved	ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	3.4
Three killed in horror crash are named	Teenager and father killed in crash	1.6
6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS	6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	4.2
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues	2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	4.2
Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'	Breivik complains of 'ridicule'	1.8
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal	Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection	0.6
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster	Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	1
Syrian PM defects to Jordan	Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	1.4
Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return	Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	1.2
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan	1.2
Myanmar announces release of prisoners	Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners	0.6
UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections	Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	3.2
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death	Spain asks for bank rescue	0.2
Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election	1
Peace lies over the South China Sea	The murky waters of the South China Sea	1.4
Senior journalist killed in Pakistan	Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	0.6
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station	SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	3.8
Romney taped at secret donor talk	Romney rocked by secret video	2.8
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS	'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	4
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France	Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	1.4
Romney won't volunteer budget differences	Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	1
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn	3.6
Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad	Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	4
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials	Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	1.6
Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'	Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria	2.8
KL shares lower at mid-morning	KL shares higher at mid-afternoon	1.6
Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike	Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	2.4
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races	Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	0.8
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan	Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan	1.8
Rodney King death ruled accidental	Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	0.4
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	0.8
Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros	Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion	3.4
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded	Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	3.6
Afghans, US sign deal on night raids	Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid	3.8
China truck accident kills 20	China mine accident kills 10	1.6
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership	Australia can eclipse England in Windies	0.4
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance	Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	3.4
Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'	Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes	2.2
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait	Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	3.4
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip	Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	3.4
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay	Key says marae visit a lost opportunity	2.2
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre	Norway marks anniversary of massacre	3.8
S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low	South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	4.6
When an ally declines	Woman killed by falling debris	0
RBA delivers another rate cut	Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	1
Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms	Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	2.6
Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	0.8
Obama to meet Batman gun victims	Obama to meet families of shooting victims	3.2
Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll	Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	1
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	3.8
Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting	Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	1.4
Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks	What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks	3.4
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	3.8
Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse	Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	1.6
George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m	Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	2.6
Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start	Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	4.4
US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings	Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	3.4
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution	U.N. to take up Syria resolution	3.6
US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’	Soldier 'can't recall' massacre	4.4
French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin	Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin	4.4
Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM	Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	1.2
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	3.8
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces storm central town	2.5
25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan	Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests	2.2
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death	Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	1.8
North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan	N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	3.6
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl	A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	1.4
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	3.6
What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide	Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	1
Four injured in motorway crash	Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	3.6
Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says	UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	2
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes	Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	1
Second day of Egyptian presidential election	Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	1.2
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81	Actor Gazzara dead at 81	4.4
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack	British gold rush silences gripes over cost	0.6
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	4.6
Inflation falls to 15-month low	Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	4.6
Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut	Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	3
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012	Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	2.2
Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers	Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	4.8
Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'	Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	2.8
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California	Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	4.2
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn	BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	3.6
UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge	300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police	3.6
Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999	Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising	0.8
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong	Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	4.6
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen	US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	1.8
Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing	9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing	1
Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'	Syrian govt wont stop attacks	1
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	4.6
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win	Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	3.2
Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans	Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	1
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	1.2
Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier	Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops	3.4
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots	New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	1
Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest	Cheap generics no panacea for India’s poorest	3.8
Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results	Egyptians vote to pick president for first time	2.6
South Africa train crash kills 26	South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	0.8
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	2.6
Egyptian election result delayed	Egypt presidential election results delayed	4.2
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions	Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	1.6
Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest	Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot	0.8
Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	2.8
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal	US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	3.8
Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president	'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president	4.5
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday	Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	2
Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria	HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	2.2
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent	NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA	2.8
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest	Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	3.4
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	0.8
Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen	Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	1.4
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings	Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	3.4
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss	China stocks open higher Wednesday	0.8
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains	IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	0
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan	4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	3
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot	US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	3.4
David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour	PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	0.2
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo	Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	4.4
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence	20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	0
Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home	Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	4.2
Wall Street Ends Mixed	Wall Street Opens Lower	2
Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	4.4
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus	Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	0.8
Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold	Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	4
Stock index futures signal early losses	Stock index futures point to lower start	4.4
Man charged with murder in flat	Man charged after MP hurt in attack	1.4
Chinese stocks open lower Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	1
US waives riders for Pak aid	Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	0
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan	US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	3
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district	Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	4.4
US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan	U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	4
Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition	Egypt's Mubarak critical	4.6
Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power	Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	2.6
Obama and Romney take stage for first debate	Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate	2.2
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising	Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	3.33333333333333
Complaints in Russian election mount	Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote	1
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks	Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	0
5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	2
Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt	Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	3.2
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	3.2
Spain's jobless claims hit new high	Spain jobless rate hits new high	4.2
Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen	Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	2.6
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border	Turkey scrambles jets near border	3.6
Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case	Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case	1.4
Two year doping ban for Contador	Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	0
The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair	Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair	2.8
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO	Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	1
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death	Malawi confirms president's death	4
China rocked by twin earthquakes	Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	1.2
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging	Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess	2.8
Libya postpones landmark election to July 7	Libya postpones assembly election to July 7	4
Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid	Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	4.4
Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey	Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	0.8
German parliament endorses Greek bailout	German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	4.4
Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms	Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	3.4
London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle	London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	4.2
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions	Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	2.4
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction	Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction	0.2
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'	Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	0.4
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	3.8
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday	China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	2.8
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting	7 dead in Christian school shooting	1.4
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali	Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	3.2
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call	US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	4
Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president	Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	3.2
Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'	Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	3.8
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday	3.8
Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment	Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	3.2
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow	Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	1.6
Best’s great day brings West Indies cheer	Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter	0
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings	Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	3.6
Romney wins Illinois primary	Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	1.5
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO	Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	4.2
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified	US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	2
5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS	6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	1.6
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	4.4
Button boasts best time after first practice	Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	3
Rangers voted into third division	Rangers voted into Division Three	4.8
Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm	Syria in ceasefire observers call	1.8
Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house	Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	4.2
Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say	Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West	0
A day of rage in Bahrain	F1 protests in Bahrain	2.25
DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open	New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	3
China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July	China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July	2.6
Homs offensive kills 200	Homs mortar fire kills 105	2.6
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim	Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	2
Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340	Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	3
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president	US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	0.2
French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'	Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	0.4
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council	2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries	1.8
May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts	'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	0.6
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo	DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	4
Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead	Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	0.8
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion	74 dead in Egypt soccer violence	3.2
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50	Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	0.2
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica	Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	3
Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries	Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police	2.75
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba	Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	1.5
Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative	Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.	3.2
Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers	Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	2.4
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto	Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	1.2
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy	Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	3
Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court	Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers' deaths	0.4
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street	Weak earnings drag stocks lower	3.8
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS	6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands	3.2
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai	Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	4.6
U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative	Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people	4
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal	Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal	3
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash	Death toll rises in Russia plane crash	0
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit	Indian media: Commonwealth summit	2.8
Suicide bomber strikes in Syria	Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq	1.8
China detains 7 for "house sister" scandal	7 detained for 'house sister' scandal	4.2
Syria military police chief defects to rebels	Syria military police chief defects to opposition	5
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner	Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating	4.6
White House backs gay marriage	Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill	2.6
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash	Five killed in Belgian coach crash	3.8
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria	Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria	3.4
Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police	Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India	5
Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank	Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem	4.2
Israel launches airstrike into Syria	Israel planes strike inside Syria	4.6
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election	Iranians Vote in Presidential Election	0.4
'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash	100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes	2.8
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan	Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed	1.4
10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	3.2
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England	Carney sets high bar to change at BoE	5
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	2.4
Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan	2.8
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban	Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom	0.6
North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea	North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South	5
U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports	Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints	0.6
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	3.4
David Beckham retires from football	David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	4.4
Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who	Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years	4
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria	Generations divided over gay marriage	0
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack	23 killed in Iraq car bombings	1.6
Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies	Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries	5
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan	Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan	1.4
China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	4.2
Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'	Egypt minister survives assassination attempt	1.6
Residents return to Texas blast site	Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast	2.6
Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister	Shinzo Abe Selected as Japan’s Prime Minister	4.2
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital	Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital	4.6
Bangladesh Islamist leader executed	2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leader’s execution	2
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident	Schumacher in a coma after ski accident	4
Eleven killed in China police station attack	11 killed in Chinese police station attack	5
Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff	Mali due to vote for president	2.2
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic	Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic	4
Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed	Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed	3.8
EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	4.4
Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Michael Bloomberg	De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Bloomberg	5
Thai opposition announces election boycott	Thai opposition party to boycott general election	4.8
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	2.6
Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail	Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia	4.4
Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra	Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra	4.2
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport	Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	3.6
Central African Republic President, PM stepping down	Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels	2.6
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens	Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens	5
China and Taiwan hold historic talks	China to resume US investment talks	0.8
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress	California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)	3.8
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate	George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate	3
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking	Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment	3.4
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test	Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test	1.2
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory	Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	4.4
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station	Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	2
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast	18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast	2.8
Thai protesters storm army headquarters	Thai protesters break into army headquarters	4.6
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria	Israel conducts airstrike on Syria	4.4
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis	2.2
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads	Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power	2.2
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call	Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue	3.8
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics	Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	1.4
Hundreds dead or injured in China quake	'Around 100 dead or injured' after China earthquake	3.8
May Housing Starts Up 6.8%	Housing starts up 6.8% in May	4.6
Two French journalists killed in Mali	2 French Journalists Killed in Mali	5
Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency	&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency	5
Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel	Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel	4.2
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran	6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand	0.2
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse	Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse	3
Nelson Mandela released from hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital	1.6
Daily Press Briefing: Syria	Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan	1.2
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao	Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings	3.2
Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope	Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote	3.4
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada	Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada	2.2
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions	French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution	0.8
Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls	Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok	2.6
Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters	Israeli military focuses on northern border	1.6
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities	North Korea blocks Kaesong access	1
Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days	AU leaders meet for Africa Day	0.6
Today in History, Jan. 21	Today in History, April 23	1.4
Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison	Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison	0.4
It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff"	US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal	3.4
Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning	Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning	5
Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria	Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria	1.4
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks	Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack	0
China stocks close higher on Wednesday	China stocks close higher after economic meeting	3.4
Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific	Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific	3.4
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home	Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home	2
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case	Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	3
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan	7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC	3.8
West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims	UK alert on Syrian chemical arms	3.8
China stocks close higher on Wednesday	China stocks close lower on Friday	1.8
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by	Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites	4.4
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants	Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics	2
Spain turning back the clock on siestas	Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas	0
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order	Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	2.6
Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast	Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast	1.4
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq	2.2
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons	Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?	1
Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash	Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash	3.4
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes	Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes	1.8
Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote	Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	4
Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize	Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking	3.6
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'	Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood	3.8
Rouhani leads in initial Iran count	Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results	4.2
Israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of Prisoner X	Israelis, Palestinians convene over prisoner swap	1.2
Politicians in flag violence talks	Police attacked in Belfast flag protests	0.6
Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes	CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes	2.2
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US	S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong	1
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital	India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"	1.8
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	2.8
Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq	Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq	3.2
Egypt bracing for massive protests	Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests	3
Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners	Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	2
US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks	U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker	3.8
Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic	Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest	0.4
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362	3.6
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements	Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans	2.5
Chinese general’s son gets 10 years’ jail for gang-rape	Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	4.2
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting	2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting	5
Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan	Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan	3
Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'	Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	4.2
1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest	32 die in Bangladesh protest	2.2
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death	Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds	0.4
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters	Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	0.6
Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech	Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union	2.2
Google 'are playing international tax game'	Google launches internet-beaming balloons	1
Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters	Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters	4.8
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban	Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban	3.8
Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case	Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case	2.8
Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce	Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways	4.4
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout	Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting	5
Thousands protest gay marriage in France	Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address	1
Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq	Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq	2.2
Obama puts Syria strike on hold	In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold	4.6
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa	Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons	1.8
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	2.6
Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash	The San Francisco plane crash at a glance	1.2
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse	8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	2.2
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo	X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus	0
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.	Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered 	3.5
Snowden releases first Russia video	Snowden asks to stay in Russia	1.4
Chinese shares close higher Friday	Chinese shares close lower Wednesday	2.2
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open	Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open	3.4
India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan	Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan	4.8
Brazil leader breaks silence about protests	Thai police use tear gas against protesters	1
Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case	Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case	2.2
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release	3.4
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays	Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays	5
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq	2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq	1.4
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison	Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison	4
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%	Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc	3
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	2.2
Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013	Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	2.8
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza	Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza	2.8
Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo	Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo	2
Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud	Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	4.6
U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats	USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row	4.4
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children	BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse	3.4
20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident	7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident	0.6
Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year	Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year	3.4
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday	Stocks to watch at close on Monday	3
On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial	50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered	4
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan	6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan	1.2
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News	0.8
Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings	Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings	2.6
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son	Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son	5
Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo	Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses	1.8
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate	Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates	1
Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners	Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	3.4
Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped	Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped	4
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela	Obama meets with Mandela family	3
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill	U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate	3.4
Chinese students attacked in France	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	0
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital	Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus	1.4
Syria talks agree military aid to rebels	'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels	2.6
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq	Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.	2
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities	Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	5
Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained	ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones	2.8
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul	Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul	2.8
Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity	Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say	4.2
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York	Two men charged with terrorism offences	1.8
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize	EU receives Nobel Peace Prize	3.6
San Fermin bull-running festival starts	Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag	2.6
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack	Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack	2.8
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak	Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings	0
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	0.8
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use	Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers	0.6
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million	Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash	3.8
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines	4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S	1
Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal	Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes	3.6
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot	Alleged cop killer died from shot to head	4.2
At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion	2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion	0.4
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt	Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	4.8
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan	Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case	3
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes	Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'	4.4
12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry	35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official	2.8
North Korea launches short-range missiles	North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	4
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok	Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence	2.8
Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity	Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	1.8
NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace	North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status	2.2
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test	North Korea conducts third nuclear test	4.6
Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks open flat	3.6
Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012	Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012	5
Israelis, Palestinians begin talks	Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US	3.8
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013	2.6
Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage	Nelson Mandela memorial service	2.4
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage	NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing	3.8
Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis	Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse	0.6
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash	Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash	4
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics	Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	4.2
Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport	Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport	4
Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case	Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case	3.8
Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya	Security tightens for Thatcher funeral	0
North Korea launches short-range missiles	South Korea Says North Fired Missiles	2.2
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	3
U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons	US warns Syria on chemical weapons	3.2
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	37 killed in bus crash in Italy	1.2
U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia's Great Barrier Reef	U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef	3.8
Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan	38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan	1.2
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	3
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks	U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition	2
Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project	Google invests $200 million in Texas wind farm	5
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution	Egypt votes in new constitution	4.8
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91	Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91	4.4
Insurance is key to fostering economic growth	China strives to avoid economic traps	1
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi	Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi	3
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan	Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan	3.4
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin	Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy	0.4
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu	French-led troops close in on Timbuktu	3.6
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan	Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	1.2
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	4
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone	4
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again	Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'	1.8
Demolition work to begin at stadium	Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium	3.2
Most French support military operation in Mali	France pledges military aid in Mali	1.4
23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines	Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines	2.2
Egyptians vote on constitution change	Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	4
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal	Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks	2.8
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	Calls for more Egypt protests	1.4
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China	6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani	2
6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast	One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos	1.2
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down	Chairman of easyJet to step down	4.2
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock	Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide	0.8
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan	Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council	2.4
US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack	US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured	2.8
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill	Committee nears final big immigration decisions	3.4
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack	3.8
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk	Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	1.8
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims	London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims	4.6
Football: Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win	Messi nets 300th, 301st goals in Barcelona win	3.4
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck	Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	3.2
Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt	Tunisian opposition politician shot dead	3
Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue	Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign	1.2
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid	UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid	4.8
Stocks slump on Wall Street	Stocks soar on Wall St lead	1.6
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder	George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	2.6
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow	Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow	3.6
2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon	17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	0.6
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set	Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets	1.2
Radio prankster in tears over nurse’s death	Royal sorrow over nurse's death	2.8
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch	N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	4.2
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	4
Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown	US government 'on the edge of shutdown'	2.4
Gates blast rocks Obama administration	Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration	4
Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post	Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	4.2
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing	Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	3.8
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite	Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite	4
South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital	South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday	1.4
Obama pledges to make new health care law work	Obama declares health care law is working	3
Fresh rain brings more flooding	Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	3
Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris	Thousands protest gay marriage	3.6
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal	Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	0.4
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013	1.8
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva	Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress	3
Thai protesters besiege more ministries	Thai political protests paralyse more ministries	4.2
Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M	Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million	4.6
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays	Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations	1.8
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister	Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike	0.6
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	2.4
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic	More French soldiers to Central African Republic	2
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission	UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed	1
EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	4.6
David Beckham Retires From Football	David Beckham to retire at end of season	4.2
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	4
Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south	Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries	3.4
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan	6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS	1
Lara plans visit to Nepal	Search after man swept into sea	0.2
Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail	Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak	3
Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt	Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt	3
North Korea nuclear test	North Korea Nuclear Test Sparks Worry	2.4
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads	Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt	4.2
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges	NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges	1.6
Obama: Congress, world credibility on line	'Credibility on the line over Syria'	1.4
At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan	Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan	0
Many killed in Syrian air strike	123 killed in fighting in northern Syria	3
Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack	Egypt interior minister survives bomb	5
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday	China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday	2
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action	Obama holds talks over Syria action	1.4
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds	Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'	5
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open	Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance	0
Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics	Critics say Putin’s security restrictions violate rights	3.2
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM	Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	4.6
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	4
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis	Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis	3.4
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm	Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm	3.8
Syria opposition agrees to talks	Syria opposition threatens to quit talks	2
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat	Morsi supporters protest in Egypt	3
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan	2.6
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue	Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv	0.8
Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption	Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions	1
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan	US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	2.4
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay	Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay	4.2
US stocks ease in choppy trading	Stocks rise in early trading	2
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors	Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets	1
China police seek eight suspects over crash	UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash	1
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd	Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south	1.8
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	1.8
Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	2.8
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week	Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda	2.5
EU jobless hits fresh record	Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	4.4
Mugabe sworn in for another term	Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West	4
Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'	Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru	1.4
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks	Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks	3
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline	Obama signs up for Obamacare	1.2
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview	Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah	4.2
David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood	Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says	5
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12	Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14	2
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi	US State Department faulted over Benghazi	2.4
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks	Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October	0
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy	Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party	3.6
Libya ‘destroys last chemical weapons’	Syria must destroy chemical weapons	2.4
Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote	Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean	0
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan	Three Afghans killed in suicide attack	3.6
Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4	Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6	2.8
Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data	Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data	3.4
South Africa: Mandela in hospital for tests	Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests	4.6
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	4
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey	Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally	1.6
Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces	Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	2.2
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan	Students take a ride on airwaves	0
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges	Pistorius officer dropped from case	2.2
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer	Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new	4
Stocks close 2.47% higher	Stocks close 0.39% higher	1.8
Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	2.6
'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery	Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria	5
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan	Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan	2
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film	Police confirm how suspect was captured	2.2
Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult	Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins	2.8
California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university	Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city	0.8
UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty	UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty	4.4
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect	Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'	4.8
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks	Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians	0.8
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister	The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	4.2
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six	Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30	1.4
Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan	Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'	2.6
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia	Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling	0
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal	Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal	4.8
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'	Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns	1.4
South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial	South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer	3.2
Iran vows to preserve "peaceful" nuclear program	Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	1.6
Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real	Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas	2
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash	Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur	1.6
Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border	NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	3.2
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown	US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	4.6
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls	Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll	3.4
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	3
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank	Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron	1.2
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria	UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	2.2
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants	Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants	3.4
A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels	French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies	2.6
India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters	Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters	1.2
Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference	Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	3
Afghan president approves new election law	Afghan legislators approve new election law	3.8
Algeria mulls international force for hostages	Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages	2.2
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport	Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	3.8
Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque	13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire	4.6
Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live	US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears	2.8
Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital	Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital	3.4
Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk'	Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk	3.4
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest	Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace	2.2
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'	5 people buried in Colorado avalanche	2.8
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord	Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord	3.6
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke	Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem	3.6
Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority	Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power	3.8
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release	1.4
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut	Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut	4.2
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting	19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	4.2
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending	Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget	2.4
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia	U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia	4.4
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi	Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings	2.4
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections	Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election	3.4
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children	Nato troops kill two Afghan children	3
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks	Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks	2
Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes	Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes	3.4
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan	4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan	2.6
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China	Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China	3.8
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa	Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital	0.2
Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul	Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote	3.4
Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table	Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes	4
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala	At least 45 killed in Spain train crash	1
Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa	Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa	4.2
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new	Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame	0
Apple app sends drivers to airport	Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway	3.6
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan	Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan	3.4
Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot	Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot	2.6
Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack	Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt	1.4
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions	N Korea postpones family reunions	3.8
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers	Francis begins papacy with prayer	3.6
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse	US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive	3.6
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March	Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader	1.8
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela	Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	1.6
Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission	China's new stealth frigate commissioned	0.2
Iraq violence kills seven	Iraq violence kills 11	2.2
Protests continue in Brazil	Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	1.6
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons	Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims	2.6
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai	Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources	3.2
Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	3
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries	Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan	3.6
Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true	Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one	4.8
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide	2.2
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner	Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner	2.2
Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims	Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter	4.2
Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq	Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	0.4
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail	More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison	4.4
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness	What is the nuclear option?	1.2
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013	Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013	2.6
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border	Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger	1
UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons	U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons	2.8
Edward Snowden's father in Moscow	Snowden's father arrives in Moscow	4.2
US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal	No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant	0.8
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike	Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike	2.2
Now, militants battle Pakistani police	Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40	1.2
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes	Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash	3.6
Facebook profits jump as user base expands	Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate	3.4
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict	Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government	2.2
News summary for January 14	News summary for March 11	1.8
Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge	Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge	3.2
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal	Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	4.2
China stocks close lower on Thursday	China stocks end lower Thursday	5
Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections	Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election	0.6
Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption	Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption	2.8
Bangladesh executes opposition leader	Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld	3.4
Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months	Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within ¿three months¿	3.2
Italy to swear in new coalition government	Deal reached on new Italian government	3.4
South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela	Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela	1.8
US Senate passes gay workers bill	Hawaii passes gay marriage bill	1
For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia	Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi	0
Indian stocks open higher	Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher	1.8
Maldives holds fresh presidential election	Maldives holds fresh election for president	4.6
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie	Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters	1.8
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building	New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.	4.2
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013	1.8
Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes	Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	3.2
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case	Piers Morgan questioned by police	3.6
Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM	Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels	1.6
Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	2.2
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested	Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested	4.8
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid	'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy	1.6
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video	Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson	1.8
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet	Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors	2.8
Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'	Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place	1.6
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption	China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper	0.6
End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons	UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons	1.4
Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage	Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation	4.6
Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush	Two firefighters killed in New York ambush	2.6
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	Egypt swears in new interim leader	0.6
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan	Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan	2.6
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay	Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts	2.6
Freed Pussy Riot pair stir up anti-Putin protests	2 Pussy Riot Members Reunited in Krasnoyarsk	1.2
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants	Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan	0.6
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge	Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge	5
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower	Stocks close 0.39% higher	1.6
Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel	US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water	0
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use	Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US	2.6
Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'	Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	5
Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112	Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	1.2
Israel launches air strikes near Damascus	Israel launches airstrike in Gaza	3
Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines	Floods leave six dead in Philippines	2.6
Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final	Mars rover collects first bedrock sample	0
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats	Imran to contest from four NA seats	4.75
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold	Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold	4.4
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse	Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game	2.8
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike	Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike	4.4
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married	Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	4.4
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	4.6
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South	South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North	1
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash	Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash	3.4
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling	Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt	4.2
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal	French train derails south of Paris	1.2
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74	Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies	4.2
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	Egypt votes on new constitution	3.8
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital	Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital	2.8
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin	0.4
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street	Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade	3.8
Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer	Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer	3.4
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash	Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	5
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe	Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery	3.4
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade	Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade	1.8
Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems	Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month	0.6
Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	5
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM	Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT	5
Indian stocks close lower	Indian stocks open lower	1.8
US makes case for action against Syria	US readies possible solo action against Syria	3.4
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia	Brief clashes with police in Belfast	1.2
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building	New World Trade Centre tallest building in US	4.6
South African police arrest 50 in farm protest	US authorities charge man in ricin probe	0
China flu death toll rises to six	China quake: Death toll rises	1.4
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372	Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	2.6
25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant	25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant	4.4
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria	RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	2.6
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	4.8
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post	Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control	1.2
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time	Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals	3.6
Designer, Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81	Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies	4
Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General	China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive	1.2
Brazil leader promises reform vote	Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	1.6
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast	Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast	4
Japan, US hold talks linked to regional trade pact	New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact: Report	2.8
Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck	Four dead in Indonesia train accident	3.4
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes	Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	3.8
Miss New York is crowned Miss America	Miss New York wins Miss America crown	5
Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity	Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity	3.8
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home	Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	4.4
US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration	US set for Obama inauguration	0.4
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen	Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody	0.4
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall	Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall	4.8
27 killed in attacks across Iraq	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	2
Thousands protest gay marriage in France	Thousands protest gay marriage	3.2
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27	1
Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired	US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired	4.8
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation	China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens	3.8
6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista	12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan	2.6
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	1.4
Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers	Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers	4.4
Abduction teacher to be sentenced	Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'	0
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus	Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17	3.8
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized	North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba	2.8
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank	Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank	4.8
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	4
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election	Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections	3.8
British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile	Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area	0
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone	South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone	3.8
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope	Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod	0
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station	15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station	3.2
Held in Guatemala, software guru McAfee fights deportation	Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee	3.4
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid	Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election	3
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks	West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks	2.6
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma	Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma	4.6
John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing	No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday	1
Biden calls for trust in building ‘new relationship’ with China	Biden calls for trust in US-China relations	4.6
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers	Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	1.8
Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran	Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work	0
Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359	0.8
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes	Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting	3.4
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton	Libya threatens army action against oil protesters	0.8
Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown	2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence	3.4
Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating	[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating	3.4
Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission	Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region	0
Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon	Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon	2.2
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan	Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan	0.8
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized	South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized	5
Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals	Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals	3.6
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes £600m charge	UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit	3
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa	Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering	1.4
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	4.4
North, South Korea hold rare talks	North, South Korea agree to talks	3.8
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials	Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan	2.8
Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police	Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier	3.2
Obama to set out gun control plans	Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday	3.6
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack	Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon	2.2
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea	Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea	2.4
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka	President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	2.6
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta	Three freed in centre abuse probe	0
Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded	Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured	4.4
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash	Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash	3
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting	Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting	4.2
'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack	UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack	3.4
6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash	7 killed in monster truck crash	3.2
8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent	4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast	0.8
Robber steals $53 million worth of jewels in Cannes, police say	Cannes thief 'steals $53m of jewels' in armed heist at hotel	3.8
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election	Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections	3.25
Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan	Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan	2.2
Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption	Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption	3.8
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance	Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance	3.4
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC	6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	1.8
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday	Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner	3.8
Hard-hit hotels ready for price war	Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial	0
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	5
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect	American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber	1.8
‘Nelson Mandela is recovering’	Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery	2.2
1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident	10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	1.75
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites	Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites	4.2
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise	Women to face higher car insurance premiums	5
Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5	Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	3.2
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan	China gives US regulators access to audit records	0.8
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	2
IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election	Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election	4.8
China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations	China's new PM rejects US hacking claims	5
US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan	US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan, 4 Wounded	3.2
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	4.6
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges	2.6
Picture of the Day 	Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	2.8
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape	Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	3.4
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting	P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child	0
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet	Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls	1.4
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil	Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria	1
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings	East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	5
Afghan president approves new electon law	Afghan legislators approve new election law	2.6
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban	In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban	4.8
Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears	Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers	1.4
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela	South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried	2.8
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon	3
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April	Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April	2.8
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later	Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter	1.2
Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning	Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning	4.6
Kenya SC upholds election result	Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result	5
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer 	Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer	2.8
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	5
10 Things to Know for Today	10 Things to Know for Wednesday	3
White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts	White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	4.4
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58	Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	3.8
Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding	Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four	1.6
Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested	Former Zambian president arrested	4
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief	US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	4.2
Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails	26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison	1
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data	Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data	4
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	2.8
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies	Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies	4.2
Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus	Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus	1.6
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense	Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets	2.6
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader	Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader	4.2
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria	US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria	4.8
Five Killed in Blasts in India	Twelve killed as gunmen raid village	0.2
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested	Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper	1.4
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75	Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people	3
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies	4.6
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum	Snowden thanks Russia for asylum	5
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head	4.2
French forces seize key town	French forces take key Mali town	3.8
Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked	Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden	2.2
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery	Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	5
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area	'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City	1.6
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting	Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting	0.8
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace	Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	1.8
3 killed, 138 injured in Boston blasts: media	5 killed, 50 injured in Pakistan blast	0.8
Malala leaves British hospital	Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery	3.6
Internet service resumes in Syria	Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital	4.2
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool	two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	4
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital	Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack	3.8
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area	3.2
Residents return to Fallujah	Residents return to Texas blast site	0
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela	South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela	4.2
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance	Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	4.2
Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes	3.6
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties	Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage	0
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	2.6
New glories for China in striving for renewal	Sniper waiting for result of appeal	0
Stock futures edge higher, all eyes on Fed	US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report	3
China stocks close lower on Friday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	2.5
Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment	Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment	3.2
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe	EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe	3
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere	occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint	1.4
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory	Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire	1.8
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...	Egypt set to lure Gulf investors	3.4
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria	3.4
Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks	Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks	1.8
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win	Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election	0
Miss New York is crowned Miss America	Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013	3
Obama canceled meeting with Putin	Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin	4
KL shares mixed at mid-day	KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day	3.6
US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	2.8
Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request	Egypt court orders Mubarak release	2
François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims	Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations	4
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf	Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp	3
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges	'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge	2
Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan	Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan	1
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge	Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid	2.25
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'	Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution	1.4
Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations	David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations	3.6
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban	Mexico swears in president amid violent protests	0
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev	Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo	0.8
Egypt violence: Student killed in clashes at Cairo’s Islamic university	Four killed, scores wounded in clashes across Egypt	2.2
Helicopter crashes in London	Helicopter crashes near rail station in London	4
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	3.8
Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone	Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone	4
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines	Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores	1.2
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon	Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon	3.2
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap	RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria	0.6
8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide	Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	0.6
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	4.6
5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes	Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters	2.2
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	3.4
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	2.2
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons	Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile	1
Algeria hostage death toll rises	Iran earthquake death toll rises	0.6
French set for Mali ground combat	Suarez set for Cup comeback	0.8
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins	Maldives team in India to observe an election	0.6
Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe	Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe	3.2
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters	Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	3.6
Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon	Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon	4.2
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage	Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage	2.2
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'	TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims	3.8
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	3
India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped	Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped	3
Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu's leadership crumbles	China detains city workers after fruit seller dies	0
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon	Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack	1.2
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town	Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town	4
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners	Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners	2.8
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt	Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	3.6
Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'	Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown	4.8
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge	Spanish train crash driver to be questioned	3.8
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons	4
British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’	ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	4
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede	About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede	3.4
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead	Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	2.8
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing	Three dead in US marathon bomb	1.2
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	5
India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin	India Braces for Massive Cyclone	2.8
SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali	US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine	0.2
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive	Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting	3.4
Many killed in Syrian air strike	Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse	1.2
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night	No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily	3.8
Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack	Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack	3.8
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan	Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv	0.6
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks	Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks	3.6
Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair	Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair	4
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square	Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen	4.6
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday	Singapore shares open lower on Friday	2.2
Obama to press Congress to act on economy	Obama pledges to reignite economy	2.6
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey	Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report	4.2
Twin quakes kill 89 in China	Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead	2.4
Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings	'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms	3.2
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse	Kenyan forces caused mall collapse	5
Japan’s GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1%	Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3	3.4
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections	Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections	1.4
Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580	Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500	3
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath	Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear	3.8
Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest	Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests	2.8
South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital	South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	3.2
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	3
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack	Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash	2.2
Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death	The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory	1.30
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square	Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	3.00
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing	Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	5.00
Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction	Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	0.00
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'	Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	1.20
North Korea shoots 2 rockets	North Korea shuns offer of talks	1.20
Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	5.00
Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize	Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize	3.60
Explosion near Damascus military airport	Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	0.00
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy	Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	1.20
Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse	One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble	3.20
Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters	Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	2.80
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program	Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	2.40
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow	Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	1.20
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day	NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day	2.20
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms	EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	3.60
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144	Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	3.60
Stocks to watch on Monday	Stocks to watch at close on Monday	4.00
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan	Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids	3.20
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	4.00
Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul	ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	3.20
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon	Philippines holds second senator over corruption	1.40
Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks	German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	1.40
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66	Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	4.60
Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'	Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	2.00
Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum	Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	5.00
4 killed in building collapse in southern India	Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	2.80
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent	Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels	1.40
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail	Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	1.00
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident	10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	1.00
Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who	Matt Smith quits BBC‚Äôs Doctor Who	5.00
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle	Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	1.80
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal	Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	0.20
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon	Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2.00
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped	Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	1.60
China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter	Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter	1.00
Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	3.00
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors	U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	2.40
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	2.20
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14	Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	3.00
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery	Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	3.00
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps	Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	2.40
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	5.00
Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win	Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	0.00
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing	3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	4.80
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue	Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests	2.40
South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela	Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	1.00
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower	Declines in US stock market moderate	0.40
World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up	Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	2.60
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	3.80
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	2.00
2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan	22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	0.60
NYPD's twitter campaign backfires	NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	4.80
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting	19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	4.40
Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead	Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	3.80
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found	Turkish search ends as last missing miners found	5.00
Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US	Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks	1.40
Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards	Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	4.40
Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million	Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million	3.80
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married	Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	5.00
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn	JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	3.00
Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial	Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	3.00
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem	Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	2.60
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors	EU extends sanctions against Russia	0.40
House set to vote on plan to reopen government	Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment	0.00
Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31	‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	3.40
BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over 	Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	4.60
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken	Iranian president makes debut on world stage	0.60
Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests	Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests	1.20
US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat	State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	3.80
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays	Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	0.00
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'	Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	4.60
Singapore stocks end down 0.45%	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	1.60
World's oldest ever man dies aged 116	World's oldest man dies at 116	4.60
mobile world congress future smartphone	GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	0.00
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45	Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	2.80
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial	Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	5.00
Bangladesh factory owners arrested	Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	3.20
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing	4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3.20
China sends carrier to South China Sea	Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	2.40
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains	Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	1.80
Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe	Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	2.60
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	5.00
Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'	Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	4.20
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary	Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'	4.80
Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage	Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	4.60
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister	Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister	5.00
Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow	Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	0.80
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer	Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	4.20
Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set	Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	1.20
Rebels down Ukraine helicopters	Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal	1.20
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	4.40
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes	At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	2.80
A New iPad Is Coming	News is my Business	0.20
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan	Hernandez double gives Mexico victory	3.40
FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win	Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win	3.80
Earthquake death toll rises to 260	Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	0.60
David Beckham Retires From Football	David Beckham to retire at end of season	4.40
Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'	Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	3.80
China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials	China sacks top economic official	0.40
North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle	N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	4.60
China no longer top investment destination: poll	EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	1.40
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct	Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	4.20
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	4.60
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt	Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	2.20
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan	U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	4.60
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age	Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	2.60
Police fire tear gas at protesters	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	3.00
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting	Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	3.60
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	2.20
Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific	Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	4.80
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack	Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	0.80
Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan	Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ	0.00
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen	Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	1.40
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	4.40
Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges	Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	1.40
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility	Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	3.60
Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win	Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	0.40
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	3.20
Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack	International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement	2.80
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions	Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	1.20
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week	Queen visits London soldier attack scene	4.20
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal	India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	4.20
Police confirm how suspect was captured	Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	2.40
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle	Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	4.60
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	5.00
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria	Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	0.80
Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention	Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	0.60
Queen names giant aircraft carrier	Queen to name biggest ever carrier	4.20
Bangladesh prison van ambushed	Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	3.40
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali	Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	3.40
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks	Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	0.60
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash	Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	1.40
Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First	Southwest jet hit nose first	3.60
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact	U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	4.00
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud	US government shutdown begins - live updates	3.20
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital	Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	3.00
China launches first moon rover mission	China launches probe and rover to moon	4.00
EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...	All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...	1.80
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%	Australia cuts rates to record low	3.80
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search	Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	3.20
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April	Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	1.60
N. Korea fires short-range missiles	N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	3.40
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague	Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	5.00
Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil	Protesters clash with police in Caracas	3.80
South Korea ferry captain arrested	Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	2.40
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary	Chinese president meets Indian vice president	1.60
Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police	Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	2.00
Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'	Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	4.60
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638	Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	1.60
China sends aid team to Philippines	China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	4.00
Manila to increase counter-terror team	France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	0.00
France loses influence in Europe	Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'	0.00
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	James Gandolfini dies aged 51	0.40
Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'	Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	4.20
Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	1.60
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon	Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	5.00
Five killed by bomb blast in East India	Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	1.00
A new Cold War?	The new Cold War	4.80
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	4.00
Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later	Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	5.00
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident	Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident	0.60
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons	US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	1.80
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	3.40
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank	Israeli teens missing in West Bank	2.80
World mourns passing of Mandela	President mourns death of Mandela	3.40
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	3.20
Israel widens settlement subsidies	Israel expands subsidies to settlements	5.00
Singapore shares open lower on Monday	Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	2.20
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad	Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	2.40
Hunting for clues in Boston bombing	Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5	0.40
Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked	Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	4.60
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro	Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire	4.80
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse	38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	0.40
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen	7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	3.00
Many killed in Syrian air strike	Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN	0.40
Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria	Libya asks UN Security Council for help	2.40
Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation	Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	0.40
Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home	Canada train plot suspects reject charges	1.00
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia	East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	2.80
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...	Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	0.00
Indian minister killed in head-on collision	Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	0.00
Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô	Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state	3.80
BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter	BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	5.00
Colombia too slick for Greece	Colombia strike three times	1.80
Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported	Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead	3.20
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria	Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	1.60
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine	Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	1.80
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks	No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	0.40
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	4.60
Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections	Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	0.00
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners	Syrian war seen dragging on for years	1.00
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean	Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	1.00
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports	Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	3.00
2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq	49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	1.40
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign	Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	1.40
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan	Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	0.80
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter	Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	5.00
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87	3.80
Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School	Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	5.00
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	4.60
World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks	World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	3.80
Military holds upper hand in Egypt	Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt	1.20
Five dead in Canada train crash	More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	2.80
Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack	Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	0.40
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service	Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	1.60
Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators	Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	1.80
Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail	Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	4.20
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack	Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	0.20
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy	17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	4.00
China manufacturing expands in September	China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	1.00
Facebook to test mobile payments service	France to ban child beauty pageants	0.40
Today in History, April 23	Today in History, Dec. 2	1.80
Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?	Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James	0.20
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution	Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	1.80
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse	Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse	0.60
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings	Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	1.40
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters	Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	3.80
Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found	Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	4.20
Nelson Mandela's condition improves	No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	2.20
Six killed in US building collapse	One dead in US building collapse	2.60
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes	Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	2.00
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls	US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	4.20
6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands	6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia	1.00
Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested	Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	2.00
CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria	CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks	5.00
Prince George christened in London	Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	3.80
Monty Python to reunite on stage	Monty Python to reunite for new show	4.00
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims	Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	0.20
The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia	Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	1.40
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase	Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	5.00
Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club	Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	4.00
Egypt holding key vote on constitution	Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	2.40
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	4.60
Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial	Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	2.00
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens	Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids	1.00
Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election	Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	2.80
Indian stocks open higher	Hong Kong stocks end higher	0.60
Stars pay tribute to James Garner	Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	0.40
Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch	Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	4.20
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries	Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	3.60
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone	North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	4.20
Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack	Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir	2.20
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	2.80
Western powers scramble to befriend Modi	'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	1.00
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	3.80
Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15	Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	3.00
Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar	Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar	4.60
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack	Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	0.40
Five dead in Indonesian eruption	6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	3.00
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	At least 11 killed in India building collapse	0.60
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law	Egypt's presidential election begins	2.80
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself	Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	4.40
Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation	China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	4.40
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York	Italian parliament backs new PM	0.00
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean	Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	0.40
Twitter blocks content in Pakistan	Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan	0.00
Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold	Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'	3.60
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines	Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	3.40
Thai bonds best in region	Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	0.00
Christie investigation heats up	China to investigate EU wine exports	1.20
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday	1.80
Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner	Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	3.60
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	3.00
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears	Asian markets mixed on China trade data	1.40
Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116	World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	4.80
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore	Foreign exchange rates in India	1.40
Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history	Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	3.60
Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks	Global progress seen in ending death penalty	0.00
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand	Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	2.00
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban	US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	2.00
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	3.00
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria	'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'	1.60
Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption	Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	0.00
Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'	Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	1.00
German factory orders rebound in January	U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	0.80
Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack	4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	3.60
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands	Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	5.00
Egyptian death toll rises to 638	Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	0.60
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law	Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	4.20
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM	Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	1.80
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	4.40
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion	G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	0.60
Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.	Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	5.00
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria	Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	0.80
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik	Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	4.60
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison	Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison	4.00
US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria	UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria	2.00
Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga	Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China	3.40
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan	US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	3.40
Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail	Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	1.40
Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons	Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	3.40
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall	Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	3.80
Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	4.80
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers	Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	4.60
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border	Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	4.00
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul	Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia	1.80
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll	Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	5.00
Senate, House on collision course on border money	India accuses China of crossing de facto border	0.60
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy	Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	2.80
US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital	US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	5.00
Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote	Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election	0.20
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace	Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	3.80
Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.	Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	4.40
North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open	North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	3.60
Egypt court orders Mubarak release	Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release	4.00
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City	Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	0.80
One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	1.20
US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police	More rain hampers Indian flood rescue	0.40
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital	A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	1.60
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets	Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	0.80
Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army	Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	0.60
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle	Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle	3.50
Merkel to attend World Cup final	Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	1.20
Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid	Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine	0.40
Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack	Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	0.20
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan	2.40
Mandela remains in 'intensive care'	Mandela remains in hospital	3.60
Sewol ferry crew faces trial	South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	4.40
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls	Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll	4.60
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution	Egypt votes on new constitution	5.00
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan	US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	2.80
China expands search area for missing plane	Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	2.00
Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea	Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	4.00
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars	Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	0.40
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast	Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	2.20
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	1.80
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote	Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	4.00
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt	Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	0.80
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions	Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	0.00
Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38	Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India	0.00
When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details	Prince's christening a blend of old and new	2.20
What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	2.33
Google redesigns search results on PCs	Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	1.00
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut	Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	4.20
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine	U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	3.00
Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area	Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital	2.60
North and South Korea break their silence with talks	Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	1.00
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president	Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	0.00
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	2.80
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke	Algerian president in France for medical tests	3.60
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues	Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues	3.20
Manchester City win English Premier League title	Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	3.80
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan	US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	3.20
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands	Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	4.80
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack	Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	3.40
Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks	Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	1.40
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire	Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	3.60
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty	Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	1.60
Obama's day: Prime time on Syria	Didier Reynders on Syria	1.60
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park	North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	0.80
China stocks close lower on Thursday	China stocks open higher Monday	1.00
Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi	Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	0.00
WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person	New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	3.80
Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	5.00
Mexico storm death toll continues to rise	East Harlem explosion death toll rises	0.00
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens	Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	0.00
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan	Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	0.00
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live! 	Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	2.20
Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	2.40
Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand	Zoo worker dies after tiger attack	0.40
Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks	Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	4.20
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	2.60
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse	Workers killed in India building collapse	3.00
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan	1.80
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan	20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base	2.00
N. Korea fires short-range missiles	North Korea fires three short-range missiles	3.80
At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing	17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	0.80
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan	Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan	2.60
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	4.00
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul	Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	5.00
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time	Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	3.40
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	4.40
Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion	Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	5.00
India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election	India starts voting in world's largest election	5.00
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo	Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	2.00
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85	Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	2.80
Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31	Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	1.80
Search narrowed for missing man	Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	1.40
Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill	Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	0.20
At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan	At least 12 dead in Washington ...	0.40
Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive	ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	4.33
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case	Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	4.40
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	3.00
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive	Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	2.40
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan	Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	0.60
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia	Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	4.60
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela	Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	0.40
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital	South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	4.80
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line	Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	5.00
At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast	At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	0.40
Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...	Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	3.00
Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad	Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	3.60
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area	Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	3.00
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day	China sets Bo Xilai trial date	3.20
Muslims pray for end to divisions	Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	0.80
Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead	Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	0.80
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17	Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	1.00
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	2.20
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma	Obama to sign up for Obamacare	0.40
46 dead in Iraq attack blitz	15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	1.40
GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	5.00
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	2.00
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks	Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	2.20
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial	Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	5.00
Trayvon Martin could have been ...	'Trayvon could have been me'	2.80
Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence	Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	1.20
China ships enter waters off disputed islands	China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	3.40
US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva	US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	1.80
Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze	Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	3.40
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area	Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter	2.00
Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria	Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	1.40
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan	Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	3.00
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension	US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	1.20
Obama to meet with Mandela family	Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	4.60
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least six dead in US shooting rampage	0.40
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption	Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	0.60
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon	Israel downs drone from Lebanon	5.00
Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks	Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	2.60
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks	Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	1.00
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising	Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	4.60
Australia cuts interest rates to record low	Australia cuts rates to record low	4.60
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan	NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	1.60
CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners	Conmen dressed as women steal cash	3.80
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell	Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	5.00
Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle	Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse	2.20
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	5.00
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149	Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	2.00
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal	US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	4.00
Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria	Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	0.00
Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief	Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	2.40
Greece to close state broadcaster to save money	Greece suspends state broadcaster	4.20
Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time	Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	2.40
Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle	Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	2.20
Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide	Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	5.00
India‚Äôs march to Mars	Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	0.00
Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'	Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	0.20
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales	Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	5.00
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup	Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup	5.00
Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe	International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	1.00
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	1.40
Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	5.00
Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'	Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia	2.80
World unites for Mandela memorial	Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	2.40
Indonesians vote for president in tight race	Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	0.00
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon	KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	4.40
What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	2.80
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box	Amazon launches new device for streaming video	4.20
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls	Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	0.00
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary	Obama nominates new transportation secretary	0.20
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday	China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	1.60
US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action	French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	0.20
Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran	Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy	1.00
Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal	US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	1.40
Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting	Beaten Florida teen released in Israel	0.40
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory	S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex	1.40
Telstra applies to list China site in NY	Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	0.00
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	3.00
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation	Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	0.60
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire	Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	4.20
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva	Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	3.00
Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach	PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	5.00
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria	US makes case for action against Syria	2.40
Peru protesters clash with police	Ankara protesters clash with police	1.80
North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea	DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea	0.40
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq	49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2.20
Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks	Iran, sextet to resume expert talks	1.60
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape	Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography	0.40
Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"	Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation	2.00
Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620	Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127	3.20
Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit	Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis	0.20
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels	Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels	1.00
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher	Indian stocks close lower	1.80
43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq	19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2.80
Indian rape accused found guilty	Indian rape accused face verdicts	3.80
Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'	Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	0.00
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute	Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	3.60
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday	Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	0.00
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.	Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	5.00
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	2.20
Indian minister killed in head-on collision	Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	0.20
State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence	Blast on Indian train kills one	0.00
Queen meets Britain's new baby prince	Queen visits Britain's new prince	5.00
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests	Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	1.00
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident	Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	4.40
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation	Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	3.60
Wall Street ends slightly lower	Fallen US firefighters brought home	0.20
Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference	Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	4.80
Britain rejects Syria military action	UK vote rejects military action	3.40
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage	New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	4.40
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher	Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	3.00
Senegalese president to visit China	Venezuelan president to visit China	1.80
In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On	Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	3.60
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'	Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	3.00
Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry	Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	0.00
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight	Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	1.00
Stars pay tribute to James Garner	Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	2.20
Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85	Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down	0.60
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	5.00
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	2.20
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup	Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	4.80
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16	Neymar powers Brazil into last 16	4.40
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	4.80
UK's Prince Philip hospitalized	Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	3.00
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike	Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	3.60
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand	Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	1.00
Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date	Stones add second Hyde Park concert	5.00
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge	Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	3.80
What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	2.67
Putin's marriage at an end	5 nations meet on haze	0.00
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	5.00
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	4.60
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	2.20
Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official	Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi	4.60
U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	4.80
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC	6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	2.00
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	2.20
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital	Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital	2.40
More carriers likely in China	Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'	0.60
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	2.60
Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation	Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	2.20
Fast-food workers strike for higher pay	U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	4.00
'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK	Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	2.40
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	0.20
Flood alerts in France as river levels rise	All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif	0.00
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	1.80
US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release	Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	1.60
Morsi supporters march in Egypt	Morsi's supporters reject plan	2.40
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies	Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	0.20
Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank	Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens	1.40
Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports	Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	0.00
Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades	Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	3.40
Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'	Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	2.40
Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse	Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	1.60
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday	Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	1.60
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4	India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2	3.00
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	3.60
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt	Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	5.00
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief	Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	0.40
Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster	Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	1.40
Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit	Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	3.20
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria	Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	1.20
Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce	Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	2.60
S Korea bus station fire kills seven	Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5	3.20
Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15	Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ	3.00
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	3.40
Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps	One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	0.80
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ	Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	1.60
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%	Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	2.80
Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka	Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	4.60
Crocodile victim's body recovered	Shankill blast victims to be remembered	0.20
Ten killed in new blast in Russia	118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	1.40
'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead	Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	4.40
Croatia countdowns to joining EU	Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	4.80
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68	Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	0.40
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down	Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	1.80
Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks	Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	3.60
Turkish police fight protesters, clear square	Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	4.40
HSE boss defends medical-card plan	Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	1.20
Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote	World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	0.00
Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine	Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine	3.20
Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid	Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	1.20
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638	Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	3.20
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally	Hong Kong set for democracy march	4.80
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	4.20
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks	Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	3.00
Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad	Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad	2.40
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1	Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	0.00
Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon	Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	0.00
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls	Georgians vote for new president	2.60
First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America	MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	4.20
On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon	On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ	5.00
Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House	Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8	2.20
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list	EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	4.80
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal	Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	4.80
Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria	Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital	1.00
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	1.80
Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash	Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash	5.00
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	2.20
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	4.80
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home	2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	1.80
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn	California governor declares drought emergency	3.60
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid	Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	0.40
11 children killed in Syria bombings	17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	0.60
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday	China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD	3.60
Two are trapped as US building collapses	Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	1.20
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea	Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	0.00
Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes	Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	1.60
China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam	Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	1.40
Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on "comfort women"	Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment	3.00
43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq	4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq	2.40
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House	UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	2.20
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip	Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	0.00
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria	Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	2.40
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation	Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation	4.40
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day	Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	5.00
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	5.00
Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll	Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September	4.60
UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point	Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	3.00
Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election	Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	2.20
Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid	Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	3.20
Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine	China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	0.00
Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods	Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan	1.20
DC votes to decriminalize pot	D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	5.00
Mandela spends third day in hospital	Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	0.00
North Korean intrigue: The execution of power	North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	2.60
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	4.20
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit	Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	2.40
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks	Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	2.40
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt	UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	4.80
Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital	Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	5.00
Stocks inch higher in early trading	Stocks rise in early trading	4.40
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial	FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	1.40
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24	Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	4.40
Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali	Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping	4.60
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14	2.00
Boston bombing suspect buried	Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	1.20
Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria	Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria	1.80
Toll from India building collapse hits 25	Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	3.20
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data	Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	0.40
Five People Charged With Terror Offences	Five charged with terrorism offences	4.80
US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks	President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	0.80
No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says	US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	2.60
Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail	Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again	3.00
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	3.40
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim	Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	2.80
Iran says Israel lying about rockets	Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	0.40
Quotations of the day	Quotations in the News	3.20
US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan	US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	3.80
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days	Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	1.80
Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great	Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	4.60
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners	Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	3.80
Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed	Thai government says elections Feb. 2	0.00
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona	Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	3.80
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies	UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	4.00
'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns	'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	3.80
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners	Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	4.60
France urges EU to be united on Syria	France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	2.60
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother	Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	3.40
China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights	China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	3.20
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	2.20
Man, 40, arrested after shooting	Man held after teen shot in Belfast	3.20
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election	Police stop Maldives presidential election	1.20
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	3.60
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	1.20
Colorado governor visits school shooting victim	Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim	5.00
Iran urges rapid release of diplomat	Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	0.40
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law	Turkey president appeals for calm	0.00
N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea	North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	2.80
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire	Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	2.20
Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids	Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	0.60
Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity	Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'	4.80
Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards	Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	0.20
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2	India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	2.60
Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash	'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	4.80
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali	Two French journalists killed in Mali	5.00
US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan	Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama	2.80
Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	1.20
Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests	Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	2.60
Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	3.20
Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'	Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce	4.60
China's online population rises to 618 mln	China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	0.40
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119	Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	3.80
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site	Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	2.40
Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'	India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	3.80
4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow	3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	0.20
'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital	Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	1.00
02:41 156 killed in China earthquake	5 killed in S China road cave-in	1.20
Afghan president delays signing US deal	South Africa president: Mandela is improving	0.00
Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know	World News Update, what you need to know	0.60
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation	Syrian civil war in photos	1.20
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	4.40
US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan	House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	1.40
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace	Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	1.00
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member	Imran blames rival for colleague murder	4.20
Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact	Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	2.80
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital	Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	3.00
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US	Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	5.00
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4	Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	1.40
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000	Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	3.40
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency	Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	0.60
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq	Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	1.80
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president	Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	3.40
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast	Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague	4.00
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks	Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	5.00
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	3.00
Europe floods continue to create havoc	Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc	4.60
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat	US military presence in East Asia	1.20
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	5.00
Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week	World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	4.00
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	1.40
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash	At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	2.20
Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	1.80
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion	AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	5.00
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid	Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	0.00
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week	India, US to hold talks on China next week	1.40
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	4.00
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	4.80
Luxembourg votes after spying row	Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	2.20
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel	Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	3.80
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress	Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	3.80
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes	Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	0.40
7 Things to Know About Ethanol	5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	0.00
China's stocks close lower on Monday	China stocks open lower on Wednesday	2.60
William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'	US delays missile test as tensions rise	3.40
Fire in Beijing kills ten	Fire in Beijing kills 10	5.00
Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116	World's oldest man dies at 116	4.60
India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers	India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	3.80
One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident	3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident	0.40
Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks	Pakistanis vote in landmark election	3.40
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats	Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	5.00
Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled	Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	5.00
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean	Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	1.40
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria	3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	0.40
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death	Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	0.00
China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades	US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	0.40
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	2.60
Stolen skulls found in home museum	Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	3.40
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents	Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	5.00
At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave	Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	4.00
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	4.60
Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate	Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	0.40
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies	British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies	4.20
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks	Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	4.80
World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana	World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany	1.40
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games	Tokyo to host 2020 Games	4.80
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'	Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	1.60
09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation	Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	3.60
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	1.80
France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence	France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	4.40
China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea	Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	3.20
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate	Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	2.80
Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know	Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120	0.00
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget	Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	0.40
Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death	Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder	4.80
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria	Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	1.60
Old TV alignments crack at the edges	A society fraying at the edges	0.40
UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference	UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	5.00
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers	Italy bus crash death toll rises	0.00
Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies	Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies	4.20
Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections	Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	0.40
British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall	British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel	5.00
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers	Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	1.20
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan	Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	1.20
Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines	World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	5.00
Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid	Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	1.20
Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution	Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	4.80
S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster	South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	4.60
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain	Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	0.00
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria	Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	2.00
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	A cat standing on tree branches.	3.6
Two green and white trains on tracks.	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	4.4
A white cat stands on the floor.	A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	2.6
A large boat on the sea.	A large boat in the water at the marina.	3.2
Red double decker bus driving down street.	a bus driving in a street.	4
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.	The lamb is looking at the camera.	0
A passenger train sits in the station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	4.8
Woman at table busy with something.	a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	3.4
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	3.8
A side view of a horse's head.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	3.4
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	2.8
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.	The curious boys look in the shed.	2.8
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey riding a horse.	3.8
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A bull standing in the field.	1.4
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.	The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	4
A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	3.8
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	2.2
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	0
A moped in front of ruins.	A moped in front of steps of ruins.	4.4
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.	A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.	4
Four people eating dessert around a table.	A group of four people in a dinner having cake.	3.8
A black dog standing in a field.	A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	3
A close up view of a bottle of water.	Close up of a bottle of water.	4.4
A close up of an ostrich face.	A close up of a brown faced cat.	0.6
A sheep grazing in a field.	sheep standing in afield.	3.2
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	2.6
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.	A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	3.6
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.	A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.	2.6
A small white car parked at the gas station.	A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	0.6
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.	A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	0
A white cat looking out of a window.	Two cats are looking at a window.	2.6
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	1.4
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	4.2
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.	A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	0
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.	Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.	0.4
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	The cows feed in the trough.	4
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	2.25
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	1.2
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	4
Black and brown table in living room setting.	A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.	3.2
A brown horse in a green field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	3.8
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	a black and white cow in hay.	4
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.	An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	5
A race care driving along a dirt road.	A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	1
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	A bag of cotton in front of a couch.	0
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.	Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	4.4
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	Three young women standing in a room together.	0.4
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	4
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	1.2
A group of horses grazing in a field.	A group of sheep in a field.	1.6
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.	A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	0
Messy computer desk with two monitors.	Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	3
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.	A man sitting in a cluttered room.	3.2
The tan horse is in the pasture.	Two white cows in a green pasture.	1.4
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.	A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.	3.2
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.	Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	3.8
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	0.4
four people sitting at a table.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	1.8
A red two story bus driving along the street.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	3.8
Two women sitting outside laughing.	A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	3.2
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.	A bird holding on to a metal gate.	3.2
The white ducks are standing on the ground.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	0.6
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	2.2
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.	a woman with a big necklace.	3.4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	1.8
A cruise ship docked at shore.	A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	4.4
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.	Black and white cat lying under bush.	2.4
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.	Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	3.6
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	0.8
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.	A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	0.6
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	0
A cat looking at the camera.	The lamb is looking at the camera.	0.8
A double decker bus on a city street.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	4.2
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	3.6
Large green boat floating on water.l.	Two men on boat floating on the water.	2.4
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.	This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	3.6
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	3.2
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	0.2
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.	A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	2.4
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	0.8
A smiling woman holding a small baby.	A woman holding a small baby.	4
A group of horses grazing in a field.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	4.6
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.	Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	3.4
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	0.4
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	3.4
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	0.6
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	Two Eagles perched on a branch.	3.8
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	3.8
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	2
A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	2.4
Room with several computer monitors.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	3
Several cardinals stand in the snow.	Five birds stand on the snow.	3.8
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.	The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	2
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.	A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.	2.6
A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train in the snow.	2.2
A blackbird sitting on the ground.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	5
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	2
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.	A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	4.2
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	3.8
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.	A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.	0.8
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	0
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.	The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.	2.2
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.	A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	3.6
A little bird floating in the water.	The seagull is floating on the water.	3.6
A white cat stands on the floor.	The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.	0
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.	Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.	4.6
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	0
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	4.4
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.	3.4
A mostly black train on a track.	A black train moves down the tracks.	3
Several sheep grazing in the field.	Five cows are grazing beside the road.	1
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.	Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	3.2
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.	Black and white cows behind a fence.	3.2
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	4
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.	A white animal running through snow covered woods.	3.4
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	4
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	0
A flat screen TV on the floor.	A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.	4
A bicycle in a dining room.	A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.	2.4
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	3.8
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.	The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.	3.4
A train on the train tracks.	Black train on train tracks.	4.1
A train on the train tracks.	Black train on train tracks.	4.1
Young couple sitting on couch.	Young couple sitting on a black couch.	4
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.	A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.	2.8
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	0
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.	Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.	3.6
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	The bald eagle is perched on a rope.	2.6
Young couple sitting on couch.	A couple posing for a picture on a couch.	4
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.	The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.	0
Two cats are looking at a window.	Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	3.8
Red double decker bus with hood up.	Red double decker bus.	3.75
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.	A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	0
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.	A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.	1.8
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.	3.6
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.	A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	1.8
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	4.2
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.	Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.	2
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	1.6
A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	1.2
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.	3.6
A dog sleeping under a table.	a dog napping under a small table.	4.6
A bus drives down a busy road.	Red and white bus driving down road.	3.6
Sail boat sailing on the water.	A boat with four sails is sailing on water.	3.6
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.	Red sports car racing down track.	4.6
Two smiling women holding a baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	3
Small dog sitting next to white wall.	Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	0.8
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.	A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	3.2
A red double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus on side of street.	4.4
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	0.4
Large cruise ship floating on the water.	The seagull is floating on the water.	1.2
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	3
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.	A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.	1.2
A cat looking out of a window.	Gray cat looking out the window.	4
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	4.2
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.	A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	2.8
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	5
four people are on a boat on green water.	Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.	2.8
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	0
A plane in the sky.	Two airplanes in the sky.	2.4
An old train sits idle on the tracks.	A coal train traveling down the tracks.	2
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.	1.4
A passenger train waiting in a station.	An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	4
A passenger jet flies through the air.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	1.8
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera.	4
A man dressed for a race relaxes.	World news headlines displayed on a large screen.	0
Two smiling women holding a baby.	Two women posing with a baby.	4
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.	A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	2
A grey cat laying on a dining table.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	4
People sitting on acouch.	People sitting on the porch.	1.4
A group of horses grazing in a field.	Two horses standing in a pen.	1.6
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.	0
Two trains are traveling on the track.	The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	3.4
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	1
A sheep standing near her children.	A lamb stands near two tiny animals.	1.4
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.	A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.	3.4
A close up of an ostrich face.	a close up head of an ostrich.	4.4
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	2.2
Many sheep standing on a green hill.	Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	0.2
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.	Green and white bird perched on tree branch.	4.2
Sail boat floating on the blue water.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	4.2
Red and white plane flying through the air.	A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	4.2
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	A man in a top hat rides a white horse.	5
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	0.8
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.	A bicycle in front of some ruins.	2.2
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.	a woman with a viking hat on.	4.2
A red and white double decker bus is parked.	Parked white double decker bus.	4.2
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	Red double decker bus on side of street.	3.8
A woman taking her own photo from above.	A woman riding a brown horse.	0.2
A black faced sheep.	A field of black faced sheep.	2.8
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.	Two birds are perched on a metal band.	4
A green bus drives down a road.	A bus drives down a busy road.	3.2
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.	Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.	1.6
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.	4.4
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	0
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	4
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.	A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	1.4
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	0.6
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	3.2
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.	Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	0.2
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.	A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.	0
A girl sitting in a living chair.	Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	0.8
Train gliding on tracks.	Train going down the tracks.	4.6
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.	A young woman dressed in black.	0.2
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	4
four people sitting at a table.	Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	3
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.	2.6
A woman with a white horse.	A plane flying at a distance.	0
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	0.2
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	3.6
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.	4
A large bird is flying through the air.	A passenger train coming into a station.	0
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	3.4
White bus parked in grass in front of building.	A moped in front of ruins.	0.6
People riding horses in a fenced area.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	1.4
Black train idle on the tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	2.2
A white Jeep parked on a street.	A white jeep parked in front of a store.	3.5
Two men talking in front of a plane.	Two women standing in front of tour bus.	0.4
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.	A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.	1.2
The silver train is parked in a station.	Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	2.6
A child sits in a large black leather chair.	A man rides a large black motorbike.	0
People stand outside a bookstore.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	0.8
A plane flying near the sunset.	Plane in mid-flight at sunset.	3.8
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.	0.4
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.	Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.	3.4
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.	A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.	3.4
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.	A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.	3.8
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	3
A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.	3.6
A red, double-decker bus.	Red double decker bus.	5
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.	Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	0.4
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.	A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	1.6
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.	Man standing in front of silver train.	4.4
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.	A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.	5
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	4.2
A small bird perched on an icy branch.	a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.	4.2
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.	2.8
A man riding a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	4
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.	4.2
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.	A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.	2.4
A train traveling down the tracks.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	2.2
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.	0.4
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.	A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.	0.4
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.	A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	3.6
Train pulling into a station.	Two red buses driving in front of a garden.	0
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.	Cows grazing in a snow covered field.	3.8
A woman riding a brown horse.	A man riding a white horse.	1.8
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	3.8
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.	This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.	0.6
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	3.2
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.	4
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	0
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.	Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.	3.2
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.	Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.	4.6
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.	A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.	4.2
A dog laying in a pet jacket.	A dog is wearing a gray jacket.	3
A large sheep standing on a hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside.	4
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	3.8
a blue and red airplane while in flight.	Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	4.8
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.	A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.	1
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.	2.2
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	Man standing in front of yellow corvette.	3.2
Three men eating in a kitchen.	Three men posing in a tent.	1.2
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	0
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.	2.8
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.	The small dog protects its owner.	0
Child milking a cow outside.	Children looking a sheep.	0.6
A sheep standing in a forest.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	0.4
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.	A flat screen TV on the floor.	5
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.	2.4
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.	Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	0
Two rams stand on snowy ground.	Two sheep stand in a doorway.	1.4
The train sits at the train station.	A train is at a train station.	4.2
A room with four computer monitors in a row.	Room with several computer monitors.	4
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.	A line outside of a bookstore on a street.	0.4
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.	The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.	0
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.	A passenger jet sits on a runway.	1.8
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.	a little girl is laughing at the camera.	0.2
Three men in suits sitting at a table.	Old green bottle sitting on a table.	0.4
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.	Three young women standing in a room together.	3.4
A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.	1.2
The back of a sign with stickers on.	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	3.8
Two horses standing in a pen.	Two white horses staring over a fence.	3
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.	Living room or den with large screen television.	3.2
The white airplane is flying in the sky.	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	0
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	4
Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two women sitting in lawn chairs.	2.6
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	5
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	4.2
A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	4.2
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	3
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	1.6
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.	Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.	0.2
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.	A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.	3
White bus parked in grass in front of building.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	0
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	4.6
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.	A red train driving through a snow covered city.	3.2
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.	A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.	0
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	0
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.	A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.	3.4
A passenger plane parked on a runway.	A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.	3.2
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	The headlights on a blue car.	4.2
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	A cat sleeps on purple sheet.	4
A passenger train sits in the station.	A passenger train coming into a station.	2.4
A close-up of a horse.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	1.2
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.	Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.	3
A red and white England bus drives down the street.	A red and white bus drives down an England street.	4.4
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	An airplane facing the camera.	0
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	3.2
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	a jockey riding a horse.	3.8
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.	The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.	3.4
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	4.4
A train is running down the track in a rural area.	A train is running on the tracks.	4
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.	A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.	3.4
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.	Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.	4.4
Birds fly low over water.	The birds are swimming in the water.	1.8
A large black bird is sitting in the water.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	3.2
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black dog looking at the camera.	2
A cruise ship docked at a coast.	A cruise liner docked at a port.	3.2
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	2
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.	A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.	4.8
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	2.2
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.	A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.	3.2
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.	A cat reclines on an office chair.	3.8
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	2.6
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	A group of people having a drink.	0
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	0
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	3.4
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	1
The blue train is at the station.	The train sits at the train station.	4
A baby is sitting in the grass.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	0
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	4.4
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.	Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	0
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	2.8
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.	A race horse galloping without a rider.	2.8
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	0.8
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	4.8
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.	A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.	4.2
A yellow bird perched on a branch.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.	3.2
People on motorbikes in a city street.	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	4
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	2.2
A boy looking at a computer screen.	Boy with glasses typing on a computer.	3.2
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.	Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.	4.2
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.	A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	3.2
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.	A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	2.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	3.4
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.	An Esso gas station with trees in the background.	0
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.	Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.	4.2
A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.	0
Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Three bottles are on a table.	2.4
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	4.4
A train is at a train station.	A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.	1.4
A train parked at a train station.	A train is at a train station.	4.2
The birds are swimming in the water.	Two white dogs are swimming in the water.	0.8
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.	Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.	3.4
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	0.4
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.	Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.	4.2
Two birds flying near bird feeders.	Two birds flying towards water feeder.	3.6
Horse standing in a field.	Two cows standing in a large field.	1.6
A row of beer bottles on the floor.	Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.	3.4
Two women standing outside of a bus.	Two women sitting outside laughing.	2.4
A group of sheep are on a hill.	A group of sheep grazing on a hill.	4
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.	A man stands in front of a train.	2
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	1
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	4.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	4.8
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	4
Two women standing outside of a bus.	Two women sitting on brown couch.	1
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	3.2
The sheep is standing under the trees.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	0
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	3.8
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.	A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.	2.4
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.	1.6
A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A guy on a white horse.	3.2
Two cows are drinking from a pond.	Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	4.6
Three white sheep in an enclosure.	There are several sheared sheep in a pen.	2.4
a black and white cow standing in the field.	Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.	3.2
A black dog lies on the grass.	The black dog is lying in the grass.	5
An office with multiple desks and green walls.	Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	3.4
Large cruise ship floating on the water.	Large white cruise ship floating on water.	4.6
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.	Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.	4.2
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.	A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.	4
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.	A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.	2.2
A cat on its back looking at the camera.	Ten sheep looking at the camera.	1.2
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1.4
A woman with her child.	A black table with white fuzzy chair.	0
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	2.2
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	3.4
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	4.2
Three people preparing to canoe.	Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.	3
A girl riding a brown horse.	A girl riding on a brown and white horse.	3.6
A car parked in front of train tracks.	A mostly black train on a track.	1
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.	A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	0
Two eagles are perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	4.2
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.	A backpack standing beside a train.	0
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	A group of people in a living room.	0.8
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.	A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	0
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.	The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	0
A black dog is staring at a sheep.	A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	0
A girl riding a tan horse.	A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	3.8
A woman leading a white horse.	A horse rider is riding a white horse.	3.4
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.	A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.	0
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	3.2
A train on the train tracks.	A long train is on train tracks.	4.2
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.	A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.	3
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.	2.8
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	A very retro living room with a television in it.	0
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	1
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	4.2
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.	a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.	3.4
A girl riding a brown horse.	A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	2.6
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two people sailing a small white sail boat.	4.2
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	A white airplane is parked on the cement.	0.8
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.	A group of peoples posing in fur hats.	0
Several sheep grazing in the field.	Three cows grazing in a field.	0.8
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.	A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.	2.6
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.	The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	4.8
A grey cat laying on a dining table.	Black domestic cat lying on brown table.	1.4
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.	A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.	3
Children looking a sheep.	Four children looking at barn animals.	3.2
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.	1.8
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	3.2
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	3.8
Red double decker bus with hood up.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	2.2
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.	The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.	3.8
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.	A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.	0
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.	Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.	2.6
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.	Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.	2
A mostly black train on a track.	A multi-colored train on a track.	2.8
The red bus is on the street.	A white and red bus traveling on the street.	2.2
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	3.2
a boat moving in a river.	Small boat going down a creek.	3
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	3
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	2.8
A large boat pulling a small white boat.	Two goats standing in a field by a tree.	0
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.	A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.	0
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.	A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.	3
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.	Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.	3.6
The birds are swimming in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.	2.6
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	3.4
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	2.25
A yellow school bus parked in a field.	A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	4
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.	A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	3.2
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.	0
Woolly sheep at auction house.	A sheep standing on a table at auction.	4.2
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a black train engine.	0
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	4
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.	a train rides on his tracks.	3
A wooden yacht on the ocean.	Two men on boat floating on the water.	1.8
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	3.8
A double decker bus drives on a city street.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	4
A cat looking out of a window.	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	2.6
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.	The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.	2.6
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.	A man riding a small bicycle.	2.8
Three goats are chased by a dog.	Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.	4.6
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.	A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.	0.4
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.	0
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.	A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.	3.8
A train traveling down the tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	4
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.	A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.	1
A woman in riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse.	3.8
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.	A black dog standing in a grassy area.	3.4
Three men in suits sitting at a table.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	0
A woman poses with a baby.	Two women posing with a baby.	2.2
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	2.8
a train in a station.	Train in a station.	5
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	4
Blue bird standing on green grass.	A blue bird standing on a lawn.	4.6
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A red double decker bus on a city street.	4.8
The train sits at the train station.	Two trains inside a train station.	2.4
The woman is riding on the brown horse.	A woman equestrian riding a horse.	3.8
An empty office chair in a cubicle.	An empty office cubicle.	3
A woman with a white horse.	A man riding a white horse.	2.2
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	Train going down the tracks.	3.8
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	2.2
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.	2.2
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.	A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.	3.8
A cruise ship docked at a coast.	A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	3.4
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.	A white plane on the runway.	4
Two cows cross a paved street.	Two cows crossing a road intersection.	3.8
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.	Several cows grazing on the median by the road.	4
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.	2.2
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.	0
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	4.2
A double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus driving down street.	3.6
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	3.2
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.	Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	1.2
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.	A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.	1.2
Two women in a clothing store.	Two women shopping at a clothing store.	4.6
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	4.6
A close-up of a yellow school bus.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	0
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.	A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	0
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.	A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.	2.6
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.	A women standing next to a brown cow.	3.8
Two cats are looking at a window.	Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	3.6
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.	A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	3.6
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.	Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	3.8
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	3.6
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.	Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.	3.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	A small white cat standing in a sink.	3.6
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.	A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	3.6
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.	The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	4
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	0.4
A computer operating on a desk.	A computer on a desk.	4
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.	A small child smiling at the camera.	1.6
A duck floating in the water.	A little bird floating in the water.	2.4
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	0
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.	A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.	3.8
Small office space with bright green walls.	Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	3.8
A blue train in a mountainous area.	Old blue and white train on tracks.	2.6
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.	Young baby girl sitting on table.	1.6
A green car parked outside the saloon.	A green car parked at a saloon.	5
A yellow boat on shore.	Yellow boat on a beach.	4
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.	4.8
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.	A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	3.4
Trains inside an indoor station.	Train in a station.	3.8
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.	A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.	4
The birds are swimming in the water.	Two ducks are standing by the water.	2.4
Black and white cows behind a fence.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	2.8
Red and white bus driving down road.	Man playing guitar while sitting down.	0
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.	1.4
A double decker bus on a city street.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	4.2
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.	A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.	3.6
Three cows grazing in a field.	Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.	4.6
The white train is sitting on the tracks.	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	2.25
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	0.4
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.	Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.	3.6
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.	1.6
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	2.6
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	0.4
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.	A red, double-decker bus.	3.2
A brown horse in a green field.	A yellow school bus parked in a field.	0
A side view of a horse's head.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	3.2
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.	An elderly man works on his laptop at home.	4.2
A wooden yacht on the ocean.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	3.2
A large sheep standing on a hill.	A sheep standing in a mountainous area.	4.4
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.	A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.	1
A white airplane is on a runway.	A white plane on the runway.	4.8
A tan puppy being held and petted.	A tan puppy being petted.	4.4
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.	0.4
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.	Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	3.8
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	2
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	two motorbikes on a dirt track.	3.6
A man on a bike jumping through the air.	A man jumping his dirt bike.	3.6
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	2.2
A large pile of scrap wood.	A large pile of wooden items piled high.	3.8
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	5
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.	Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.	0.2
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.	A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.	2
A girl riding a brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	4
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.	1.2
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	3.6
A large black and white cow in a field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	4
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.	A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.	3
a black and white cow standing in the field.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	1.8
A red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus drives on a city street.	3.6
A small white cat sitting in a sink.	Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.	1.8
A boy feeding a sheep hay.	Boy feeding a sheep.	4.2
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	4
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.	A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.	0
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.	a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	0.8
A sheep stands on a hillside.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	4
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.	A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.	3.6
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	0
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.	A wooden bicycle with an awning.	0
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.	A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	4.5
Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	3
A brown horse stands in tall grass.	Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	2.6
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.	Two men wearing bike helmets.	1.6
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.	3.2
Five birds stand on the snow.	A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.	2.8
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.	A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.	0
Man playing game in a store.	A man playing a video game in a store.	3.4
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	3.6
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	2.4
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	0
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	5
A green bike parked outside a book store.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	4
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	4.4
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.	A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	0.6
A white cat looking out of a window.	Domestic cat looking out window.	3.6
A brown horse in a green field.	Two cows graze in a field.	1.8
A man in a tux on a white horse.	A man in a black uniform on a white horse.	3.6
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.	A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.	2.4
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.	Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.	4
two motorbikes on a dirt track.	Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.	3.4
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	3.2
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.	A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	4
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	0.2
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.	Cars driving near a model building.	2.4
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.	A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.	3.4
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	2.6
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.	A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.	0.8
A white cat laying on a sheet.	A white bird flying up onto a tree.	1.2
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	4
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.	A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	0.2
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	3.4
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	3.2
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	3
A black and white photo of a bicycle.	A black and white photo of a love seat.	1.8
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	4.2
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.	1.4
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.	A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	4.25
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.	Red double decker bus with hood open.	4.2
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.	A laptop computer and a computer monitor.	2.6
A woman leading a white horse.	A man riding a white horse.	1.8
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	3.8
Young couple sitting on a black couch.	An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.	0.8
A white cat laying on a sheet.	A white cat laying on an office chair.	2.4
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.	A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.	0
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.	Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.	4
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.	3
A white train pulling into a station.	A subway train pulling into the station.	3.6
A green bike parked outside a book store.	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	3.8
Two women standing in front of tour bus.	Two men standing on beach.	0
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.	3
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.	Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.	1.4
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.	A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.	0.2
Red double decker bus driving down a street.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	4.6
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.	3
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	A gray cat laying on a brown table.	4.2
A motorcycle parked next to a car.	Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.	4.4
A close-up of a horse.	A close-up of a brown horse.	4
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.	Boy laying on couch with dog.	4.4
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	5
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	3.6
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.	A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.	4
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	0
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.	Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.	4
Small office space with bright green walls.	An office with multiple desks and green walls.	4
A man in a tux on a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.	2
A cat looking at the camera.	A small child smiling at the camera.	1.4
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.	2.6
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.	photo of a television screen showing a movie.	3.2
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.	A bird perched on a flowerpot.	4.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	White cat sitting inside of a sink.	3.4
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	4.4
Two women in a sailboat.	Two people are sailing a small boat.	3.8
A small bird perched on an icy branch.	A small bird on a tiny branch.	3
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.	Two animals sitting on a rock.	1.6
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.	Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	4.2
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.	A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.	4
A passenger train with a yellow engine.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	1.8
Two women sheering a sheep.	Two young women shear a sheep.	4.4
A close-up of a black train engine.	Left side of a silver train engine.	2.2
A young female rider on a brown horse.	The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.	3.8
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	3
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.	Little white lamb with nose to wood.	3.8
A long train is on train tracks.	A black train moves down the tracks.	2.8
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.	A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.	5
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.	A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.	0
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	4.6
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	3.2
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.	Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	2.2
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	3.6
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.	A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.	0.2
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	3.75
The woman is riding on the brown horse.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	3.8
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.	A plane being readied for take-off.	3.4
A television with a show on.	A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	0
Four people row a canoe in water.	Four people rowing down a river.	4
A brown horse in a green field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	3.8
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	4.2
Old style bicycle parked on floor.	A white bicycle stands on a floor.	3.4
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.	A bird eating from a bird feeder.	3.2
Black bird standing on concrete.	Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	4
Two men talking in front of a small plane.	Two men talking in front of a plane.	4.4
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.	Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.	3.2
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.	3.8
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.	two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.	3.2
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.	The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.	0.8
A train parked at a train station.	The train sits at the train station.	4.6
Couple with newborn baby.	A couple holds a baby.	4.2
Bird eating from a bird feeder.	A small bird eating from the feeder.	4.25
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	4
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.	Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	3
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	5
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.	A red bird is perched in a tree.	3.2
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.	Two buses parked on a street.	0.4
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	1
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	Two animals sitting on a rock.	0
A train on the train tracks.	A train is on the railroad tracks.	4.8
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	Boy lying on couch with small white dog.	4
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.	Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	3
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.	A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.	2.6
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.	A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.	3
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.	A small red car on top of a semi truck.	4
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	3.4
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.	A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.	3.4
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.	A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.	3.8
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.	A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.	2.2
A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A black and white cow looking through the fence.	1
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.	A television in a messy room with several bookcases.	3.2
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	2.8
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.	A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.	3.8
The cow is grazing in a field.	Two cows standing in a large field.	2.8
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.	A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.	3.4
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	4
House with a red door.	A grey house with a red door.	3.4
Two women in a sailboat.	Two women in a clothing store.	0.8
A woman leading a white horse.	A woman with a white horse.	3.8
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	3.2
A man looking at a red motorcycle.	Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.	4
Older woman holding newborn baby.	Depressed woman sitting on couch.	0
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.	4.2
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.	A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.	0.6
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.	Black and white cows grazing in a pen.	1.6
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.	A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.	0
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.	A man stands in front of a train.	3.8
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.	A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	4.6
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.	A boat is on the water near a small plane.	3.4
A domestic animal stands in a pen.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	0.6
a computer on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	4.2
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.	An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.	0
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	0.4
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.	sheep standing in afield.	2.8
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	3.4
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	A black and white photo of a love seat.	3.4
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.	Three women with brown hair are smiling.	2.8
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	1.6
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	4.8
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	0
Blue bird standing on green grass.	Black bird standing on concrete.	1
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.	A black and white cow looking through the fence.	0.6
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	1.8
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.	A close-up of a sheep in the grass.	1.8
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	2
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.	Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.	4
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.	Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	3.2
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.	A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.	3
Two cows graze in a field.	Three cows grazing in a field.	2.6
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.	A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.	3
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.	A sheep beside a road and a lake.	3
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	0.8
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.	A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.	4.4
A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of people having a meal outside.	4.2
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.	A baby holds a ketchup packet.	4
A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	4.2
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	4.2
a train in a station.	A train is at a train station.	5
Horse standing in a field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	3.6
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.	0
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	0.8
The bird is sitting on the branch.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	2.5
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	3
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.	Tan cows look closely at the camera.	0.75
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.	A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.	4.2
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	Older woman holding newborn baby.	3.4
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	2
Two dogs play with purple football.	A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	4.40
a boat floats in the water.	a bird lands in the water.	0.60
The three children are standing on and by a fence.	Three children stand on or near a fence.	4.60
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.	A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	4.80
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.	A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	0.40
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.	A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	0.00
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.	The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	4.60
Two grey dogs running in green grass.	Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	4.60
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.	A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs play in the grass.	2.80
A dog running through the woods.	A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	4.00
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	The two dogs are running on the grass.	4.40
Two dogs running through a grassy field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field	5.00
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.	The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	0.00
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.	Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	4.80
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.	A young girl holds up a peace sign.	0.60
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.	A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	0.60
The crouching man is holding a large camera.	A man crouching and holding a camera.	4.60
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road	Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	2.60
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.	A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	0.60
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.	A dog swims through the water.	1.40
A dog jumps through a hoop.	German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	3.20
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.	A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	4.00
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.	A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	2.40
A person is diving into clear blue water.	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	0.00
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.	The two boys play in the field.	0.00
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.	The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	1.80
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.	A group of people standing in the street	2.60
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.	A dog runs on brown grass.	2.20
Three dogs run in the snow.	The two dogs are running through the grass.	2.20
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	4.60
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.	A man eating an apple, sitting in public.	5.00
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.	A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	4.00
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.	boy doing tricks on a skateboard	4.80
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground	two young girls hug each other in the grass.	4.60
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.	Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	4.60
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	4.80
A bird flies above the water.	A bird flies across the water.	4.80
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.	A dog is running through a pond	1.40
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	2.60
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.	A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	1.20
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	A man and a woman watch two dogs.	0.40
A man jumps off a rock into the water	A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	1.33
A young girl swinging off a tire swing	A young girl going down a tube slide.	1.80
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.	Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	2.60
A group of people ride in a race	A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	0.80
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.	A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.	4.00
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	2.40
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	4.80
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.	A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	0.40
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.	A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	3.80
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	2.60
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole	A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	3.00
Two dogs running through a grassy field.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	4.80
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Kids playing ball in the park.	0.60
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.	A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	1.60
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.	A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	0.20
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.	Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	4.60
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.	2.20
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.	The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	4.80
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.	A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	5.00
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.	An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	0.00
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.	Smiling man with reflective classes.	4.60
Five people on a sidewalk.	five people standing on a sidewalk	4.80
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.	Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	1.20
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.	The white dog runs across the snow.	1.40
Two dogs are playing in the snow.	A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	1.20
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.	Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	0.60
A woman picking up a large rock.	A man picking up a big rock.	2.40
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.	A white and brown dog is running over grass.	4.60
A dog runs through a field.	The dog is running through a field.	4.80
a white dog runs across the water.	A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	2.80
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.	Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	0.00
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.	A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.	3.40
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.	A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	0.00
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.	Two large dogs running in some grass.	4.20
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	2.60
A man who is resting his head on his hand.	A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	2.20
The boy is jumping into a lake.	A young boy jumping into a lake.	4.60
A woman plays with a brown dog.	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	2.33
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.	A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	2.00
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.	a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	3.60
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.	A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	3.40
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.	A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	2.60
A man and woman sit on a park bench.	A man and a woman on a bench.	3.60
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.	A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	3.00
The man is up in the air.	The man is jumping into the water.	2.40
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.	A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	2.40
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	1.20
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house	A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	4.80
A person riding a dirt bike.	A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing by the shore.	2.80
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	0.00
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.	A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	2.60
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.	The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	0.80
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.	Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	2.20
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.	A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	0.00
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	5.00
A black poodle frolics in the snow.	A black poodle plays in the snow.	5.00
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.	two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	1.40
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.	Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	3.20
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.	A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	1.60
Two dogs standing in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	2.40
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.	The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	4.80
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.	a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	0.60
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.	A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	5.00
The white dog runs through the ocean.	The tan dog runs through the leaves.	1.80
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.	A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	0.00
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	3.00
A deer jumping over a fence.	A deer jumps a fence.	5.00
A little girl swimming in a pool.	A little girl holds a wooden stick.	2.20
A dog walks through the snow.	A black dog jumps through the water.	2.40
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.	A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	4.20
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.	a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	3.40
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.	A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	0.00
Three children playing on the floor.	Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	3.80
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.	A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	3.40
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.	A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	0.00
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.	A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	1.00
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.	A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	0.00
A black dog is running through some water.	A black dog running through water.	4.80
A man is sledding on an orange slide.	Children jumping on a trampoline.	0.00
A brown dog is running in a field.	A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	3.00
A man practices boxing	A man practicing boxing	5.00
A dog runs through the snow.	A dog runs through the grass.	2.20
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.	The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	0.40
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.	A skier speeds through the snow.	0.20
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.	Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	5.00
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.	A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	0.80
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.	A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	2.40
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.	The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	0.80
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.	5.00
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.	A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	3.20
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.	A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	4.00
A baseball player hitting the ball	A softball player swinging at a pitch.	2.80
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow	A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.	1.80
A man is sky surfing on the water.	A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	2.80
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.	A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	4.00
A boy running through green grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	1.00
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	2.00
Two people sitting on a dock.	Two people sit on the end of a dock.	4.20
Two dogs in a stream.	Two dogs in a yard.	2.00
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.	A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	2.20
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.	The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	4.00
A small white dog running	A small white dog running across a lawn.	3.20
The big white dog is running in the grass.	The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	3.40
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.	A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	2.00
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.	A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	4.00
A girl is playing on a swing.	A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	0.40
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	4.60
A brown dog running through the grass.	two big brown dogs running through the snow.	2.00
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	1.20
A child holds a yellow balloon.	A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	4.00
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.	Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	0.17
The black dog is running through the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	4.80
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	0.00
A child runs through the grass.	A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	0.20
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue	Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	3.80
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.	A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	4.00
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.	A girl in orange lights a candle.	4.00
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.	A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	1.60
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.	An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	2.20
A dog shaking water off.	A dog shaking off water.	5.00
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.	Young boys running along the pavement.	0.50
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.	A young child slides down an orange slide.	3.67
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.	a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	1.60
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.	Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	4.40
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	4.60
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.	A black and white dog swimming in clear water.	4.20
The man is going into the water.	Two racing dogs run in the mud.	0.00
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.	A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	3.20
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	5.00
A black and white dog is running through grass.	Black and white dog running through water.	2.60
A brown and white dog running on grass.	A dog is running toward the camera.	0.80
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.	Three dogs running in the dirt.	1.40
The girl is on a swing.	a boy swinging on a swing.	2.40
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.	A group of youngsters swim in lake water	4.40
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.	A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	0.00
A dog laying in the snow.	two dogs running in the snow	2.20
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.	A golden dog is running through the snow.	1.40
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.	A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	3.80
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.	A skateboarder on a city street.	2.60
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.	Four children on stools in a diner.	3.60
A boy and a dog running on grass	Boy and white dog running in grassy field	4.40
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.	A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	2.20
Two white dogs are running together.	Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	2.20
Two boys are playing flag football.	Two boys playing a game of flag football.	5.00
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.	The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	2.80
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.	The man in the backpack looks to his left.	3.80
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.	An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	0.00
Two dogs are shaking water off.	Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	0.40
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.	The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	1.80
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.	A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	3.80
A girl dances like a man in costume	A girl bounces in a bounce house.	1.20
A brown dog runs through the grass.	A brown dog running through the woods.	3.20
A group of people stand and wait to see something.	A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	3.40
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.	A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	4.40
Three ice skaters round a corner.	Three people racing on ice skates.	3.20
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.	One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.	4.80
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.	Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	4.80
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.	Two men on the side of a barge	0.00
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.	A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	1.80
A brown dog runs through the grass.	A brown dog in running on grass.	4.80
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	4.00
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.	A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	0.40
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.	A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	3.60
A child is playing with two white and black geese.	Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	0.60
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.	Two people are walking by the ocean.	0.40
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.	Two little girls in pink are dancing.	0.00
Two dolphins jumping into the water.	Two children splashing in the water.	1.40
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.	A dog is on the beach near a ball.	0.60
Two dogs bound across the grass.	A dog bounds across the brown grass.	2.60
A woman and three kids play at a park.	a woman playing with two young boys at a park	3.20
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.	A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	2.40
The boy is playing in the sand.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	0.80
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.	A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	0.40
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	3.00
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.	A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	0.20
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.	Three children playing on a floor with toys.	4.20
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.	A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	4.20
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.	A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	0.00
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	A black dog is running through the snow.	4.00
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.	A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	1.40
A skier is falling face first into the snow.	A skier is falling into the snow.	4.00
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	2.20
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.	Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	4.80
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.	Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	0.40
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.	Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	1.60
A crowd of people at an outdoor event	A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	2.40
Two dogs play in a field.	Two dogs running through a field.	4.20
A man and a woman standing on a city street.	A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	0.40
Two dogs are playing on the grass.	The two dogs are playing in the yard.	4.60
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	2.80
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	4.60
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.	A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	4.60
A dog leaps over the hurdle.	A dog leaping over a hurdle.	4.80
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.	Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	0.00
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	0.00
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.	A man and woman blow bubbles.	4.20
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.	A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	2.20
Two black dogs in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	4.00
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.	a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	3.20
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.	A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	4.00
A couple walking down the street.	a group of old men walking down the street	2.00
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.	Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	2.20
A black and white dog is running in the grass.	A black and white dog is running through the field.	4.80
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.	A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	0.40
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.	An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	2.00
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.	A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	0.40
A group of young ladies in bikinis.	A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	1.40
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.	A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	0.00
A man and a woman resting after exercise.	A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	1.20
two girls walking in the street	Two girls walking in the ocean.	1.80
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track	The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	4.00
A man dances on a colorful wall.	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	0.40
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.	A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	4.60
The white dog is running along the beach.	A white dog runs on a beach.	5.00
Six dogs walking beside the beach.	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	3.40
A man is holding onto handles in the air.	A man holds on to a handle in the water.	3.20
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.	four children are playing on a trampoline.	4.60
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.	A white dog walking in the snow.	3.00
Three dogs are running on the grass.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	3.20
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.	A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	3.80
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.	Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	3.80
Three dogs run in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	1.40
Two kids playing with a dog.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	1.20
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.	A girl does a back bend on the beach.	4.80
A man is kayaking in rough waters.	Boat sails in rough water.	2.60
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	2.20
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	1.80
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.	Two surfers on riding a small wave.	3.60
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	5.00
Two dogs are playing in the grass.	Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	1.60
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.	two puppies playing around in the grass	4.00
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap	A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	4.80
A black and white dog swims in blue water.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	2.20
A black dog running through water.	A black dog running into the water.	4.60
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.	A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	4.80
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	5.00
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.	Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	0.00
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	4.80
Four dogs splashing in the water	Brown dog splashing into the water.	2.40
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.	The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	1.00
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.	A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	3.80
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.	The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	0.00
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	2.60
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	2.80
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.	A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	0.00
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.	Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	0.00
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.	A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	0.00
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.	a man and woman walking past a record shop	0.20
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.	The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	2.40
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels	Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	3.80
A young girl standing in front of a fountain	A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	4.00
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign	A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	0.00
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well	a man plays his white guitar.	3.20
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	0.00
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.	Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	2.40
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.	Close-up of a hummingbird.	3.60
Two tan dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs play in the grass.	2.60
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	0.80
Three children playing on the floor.	Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	3.80
A dog swimming in a pond	A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	0.00
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman looking at the camera.	2.33
A dog is jumping into the water.	a dog jumps into the water.	5.00
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.	a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	3.60
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.	Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	5.00
A young boy riding in a swing.	A boy riding on a swing.	4.80
A black dog runs through the water.	A black dog running through the snow.	2.40
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.	A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	0.00
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.	Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	4.80
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.	A black dog walking beside a pool.	5.00
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.	A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	0.00
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.	The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	0.00
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.	A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	1.80
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.	A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	3.60
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.	A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	3.60
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	4.60
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.	Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	0.00
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.	Large group of people standing outside of a building.	2.00
The large beige dog is running through the grass.	A golden dog is running on the grass.	3.40
a dog runs across the grass.	A dog runs through the grass.	4.80
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.	a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	3.40
a man doing a trick on skateboard	Man rowing a boat.	0.00
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.	Three dogs running on a racetrack.	4.80
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.	A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	0.80
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	3.40
A dog running through a lot of twigs.	A dog running through a forest in the winter time	3.20
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.	The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	0.40
A puppy running along a street.	Many people run in a race on a street.	1.00
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs in the snow	2.40
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.	A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	1.00
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.	Two white dogs walking in the snow.	2.00
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.	A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	2.40
Two dogs run through the brush.	A dog runs through the grass.	2.80
Three dogs run in the snow.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	4.20
A dog running through the water.	A dog running across the sand	2.80
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.	The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	0.20
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.	A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	0.00
A black man and his dog on the beach.	The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	0.60
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	4.60
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.	A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	4.40
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.	The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	4.60
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	4.20
Two dogs running in a field.	Two dogs are running in the field.	5.00
Two boxers are in the ring.	Two people are in bed.	0.00
A dog walks on the beach.	Two dogs on the beach.	2.40
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.	A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	1.00
Two dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	3.20
A group of people ride in a race	A group of people are in the water.	0.60
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.	The dog is running with food in his mouth.	2.20
two dogs running on the beach	Two dogs running down a beach.	4.80
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.	A black and white dog swimming in the pool	2.00
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.	Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	1.60
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.	A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	3.80
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.	A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	5.00
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.	A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	0.40
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head	A child with his hands on his head.	4.20
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.	A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	1.80
Kids play in the water	A black dog lays in the sand.	0.00
A pale dog runs down a path.	A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	3.40
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.	An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	1.20
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.	A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	1.40
The man helps the boy ride a bike.	A man helps a boy ride a bike.	4.80
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.	A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	0.00
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.	A man climbing a cliff face.	4.80
The dogs play in the snow.	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	4.00
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.	Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	0.60
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.	A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	3.40
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.	Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	2.00
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.	Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	3.00
A man is playing baseball.	A boy plays baseball.	3.00
A white dog running over a bridge.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	2.00
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.	A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	0.00
A skateboarder jumping in the street.	A black dog retrieves in the snow.	0.00
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.	A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	3.20
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.	Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	0.20
A dog is jumping in the snow.	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	3.20
Two dogs running along dirt path.	A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	1.60
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.	A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	3.40
Two brown dogs running through water.	Two brown dogs runs through the water.	4.60
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop	A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	4.40
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	4.80
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.	Two brown dogs are biting each other.	4.20
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.	A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	4.00
a young girl wearing purple running through water	A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	2.80
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.	A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	0.80
A black dog is shaking off water.	A black dog is jumping out of water.	3.00
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.	A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	1.40
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.	A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	4.20
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.	A black dog is running through the snow.	2.20
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.	a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	3.40
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.	A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	0.40
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy	A young boy is riding a bike.	0.40
A black dog running on a beach.	A black dog running in the snow.	1.80
Two dogs drink water in a lake.	Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	1.00
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.	A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	0.20
A man is climbing a rock wall.	A man climbing a rock-face.	4.60
a young child running along the shore at a beach	A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	1.80
A woman is playing volley ball.	Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	2.00
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.	A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	2.60
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.	Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	2.40
A girl playing on a parachute.	A dog standing in the water.	0.40
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.	A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	0.00
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	4.00
a group of surfers catching a wave	A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	2.60
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.	The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	4.20
A tan and white dog runs through water.	Black and white dog running through water.	3.00
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.	A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	1.40
Three women in brightly colored dresses.	Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	2.00
a black dog digging through the snow.	a black dog swimming through a river.	1.20
two tan dogs play in the grass	Two beige dogs play in the grass.	4.60
Two dogs are running through a green yard	Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	4.20
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman are smiling.	3.20
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.	A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	4.80
Two little boys are playing on a playground.	Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	1.40
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.	Two girls are jumping high in the air.	0.20
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette	The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	4.80
A brown dog is running in the grass.	A dog is running along the grass.	4.20
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	1.00
A dog digs a hole in a yard.	A dog and a red ball in the air.	1.00
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.	A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	0.00
The dog is running on grass.	Brown dog running on grass.	4.00
a dog trots through the grass.	A dog jogs through the grass.	5.00
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.	Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	0.00
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.	A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	2.20
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.	Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	3.20
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.	A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	0.00
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.	A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	1.40
Man sleeping on the street.	Child sliding in the snow.	0.00
Three dogs swim in the water.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	4.20
A white dog runs on the sand.	A white dog running on sand.	5.00
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.	A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	0.20
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.	a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	1.40
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water	A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	2.20
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.	A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.	4.00
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.	A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	0.60
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.	A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	0.80
Three dogs swim in the water.	A dog swims in the water.	3.20
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.	Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	1.40
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.	A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	4.60
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.	A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	0.00
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.	A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	0.00
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.	The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	2.80
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.	A person holding a net is standing in the water.	0.60
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.	A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	0.40
A tan dog is walking through snow.	A black and white dog is running through the grass.	2.00
A man walks two dogs in the city.	a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	4.20
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.	A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	3.00
Two dogs running in the dirt	A dog is running in the snow.	2.20
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.	A small boy playing in the snow.	1.60
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.	A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	3.00
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.	A dog and cat laying down together.	0.60
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.	A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	3.20
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.	A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	0.00
The dogs are running in the snow.	a white dog running in the snow	3.20
A dog lays down in the long green grass.	a dog runs through the long grass.	2.60
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.	The black dog is running through the snow.	0.00
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.	A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	4.40
A group of girls on a beach.	A group of people sitting around a desk.	0.60
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Three dogs are running in a field.	2.80
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.	A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	0.40
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	1.20
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A white dog running through the snow	1.40
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.	A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	0.60
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.	A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	1.20
A man on a bike does a very high jump.	A man on a bike nest to a river.	1.20
Two dogs are running on the grass.	A dog running on the grass	2.60
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.	There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	5.00
A brown dog is laying in the snow.	A skier going down the snowy hill.	0.40
Two dogs running in the dirt	Two dogs are running on the grass.	3.60
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.	A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	0.60
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.	Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	3.40
A dog rolls on the ground.	Many football players sitting on the ground.	0.00
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	0.80
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	0.00
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.	A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	2.20
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.	A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	4.80
A surfer does a flip on a wave.	The surfer does a flip off of a wave.	4.80
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling	A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	3.00
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.	A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	2.00
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.	A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	2.40
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.	three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	4.20
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.	The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	0.20
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	2.20
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.	A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	0.80
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.	Boy lies on stomach in grass.	4.40
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	3.20
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.	A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	1.00
A bird sits in a leafless tree.	A bird sits in a tree.	3.80
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.	A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	4.00
A dog jumps over a hurdle.	A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	0.80
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.	A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	0.60
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.	A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	3.20
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.	A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.	0.00
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.	A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	0.00
Two dogs in snow.	A dog in the snow.	3.00
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	2.00
A Dalmation runs along a beach.	Dalmation running along the beach.	4.80
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.	a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	3.40
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.	The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	0.00
A dog runs in the snow.	A dog running through snow.	5.00
A dog runs across the grassy field.	Four black dogs run across the grass.	2.00
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.	A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	3.60
A dog chases another by a tree.	A brown dog is walking on the grass.	1.20
A boy is rock climbing.	A girl is jumping.	0.60
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach	A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	4.60
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting	A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	4.00
A beagle walks along the calm shore.	The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	4.40
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.	A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	0.00
A black and white dog is running through grass.	The black and white dog runs through the grass.	5.00
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.	Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	0.00
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	3.20
Three children playing in hay	Three children playing in snow.	2.40
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	3.00
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.	Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	3.40
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.	The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	2.40
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.	A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	4.60
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	3.60
A boy with a metal colander on his head.	A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	4.20
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field	A brown dog is running through the field.	4.00
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.	A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	2.20
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.	A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	3.80
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.	This dog is jumping through the water.	2.20
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.	Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	0.00
A man and a woman kiss.	A man and a woman laughing.	1.20
A white and brown dog runs in a field.	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	2.83
Children play in a pool while adults look on.	Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	4.60
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.	A dog is standing in the sand.	2.00
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.	Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	4.00
Two dogs play together on the bed.	Two kids splashing in the water.	0.00
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	4.80
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.	The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	4.60
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.	A woman reads while on public transportation.	1.60
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.	A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	1.80
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.	A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	2.20
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.	The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	3.80
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	4.40
A person above their surfboard on the water.	A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	3.00
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.	A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	4.00
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	0.60
Three dogs race in the snow together.	The dog returns the play toy to its master.	1.00
Two girls jump out of swings.	Two females jump off of swings.	4.60
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.	A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	0.60
A white dog running on the beach.	Two dogs running on the shore.	2.40
A shirtless man catches a football	A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	4.40
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	0.80
A girl poses with her head upside down.	a young girl smiling with her head upside down	4.60
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.	Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.	2.80
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.	A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	0.40
A man jumps while on a snowboard.	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	0.80
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.	The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	0.60
Four dogs playing in the snow.	Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	0.00
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.	A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	4.40
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.	A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	2.80
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	0.00
The black dog is running through the grass.	The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	3.80
Two dogs playing in grass.	Two dogs playing in snow.	2.40
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.	One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.	4.80
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.	A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.	3.40
A black dog digs in the snow.	Two black dogs playing in the snow.	3.40
A dog leaping over a chain.	A dog jumps over a chain.	5.00
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.	A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	4.60
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.	A black and a yellow dog	2.20
Several children playing in a ball pit.	Three children in a ball pit.	3.40
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.	A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	3.60
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool	A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	4.80
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.	A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	0.00
A brown dog is running though a river.	A brown dog is running through green grass.	2.40
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.	A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	3.40
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.	A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	3.40
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.	A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.	2.80
Two black dogs walking through the snow.	A black dog walking through water.	2.40
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.	A black dog is running in snow.	1.80
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.	A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	1.60
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.	Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	4.60
The woman is skating in the park.	A woman is sitting in the water.	0.80
A dog splashes in the murky water.	A brown dog wades in the water.	3.60
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach	A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	2.20
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.	One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	2.80
A hockey player during a game.	A hockey player looks intently downward.	2.00
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd	A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	1.80
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	4.20
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.	A person on a snowmobile.	3.60
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.	Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	4.50
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.	The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	0.80
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.	This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	0.40
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.	Two brown dogs running together on sand	4.60
A black poodle is running in the snow.	A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	1.40
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.	Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	3.00
A brown dog digs in the sand.	A dog digging in the sand.	4.20
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth	a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	3.80
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground	A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	0.40
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.	Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	0.00
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.	A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	4.60
A man on a bike in mid-air	A person on a bmx bike.	3.00
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through tall grass.	4.60
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.	Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	1.00
A large group of people have formed a line outside.	A group of people standing outside of a building.	3.20
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.	A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	0.00
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.	A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	1.60
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.	Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	4.60
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.	a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	4.80
A black and white dog playing in the sand.	A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	1.80
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.	A boy waves around a sparkler.	4.40
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two black dogs playing in the grass.	4.20
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	2.60
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.	Two boys are jumping into a pool.	4.20
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.	Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	4.00
A man and two women dressed in costumes.	One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	3.40
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.	Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	2.40
Two dogs play in the snow.	Two dogs playing in snow.	5.00
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.	A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	0.40
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.	A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	4.60
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.	A woman holding a newspaper.	0.00
A group of guys play instruments outside.	A group of men playing brass instruments.	3.40
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.	Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	0.00
A snowboarder flies through the air.	a snowboarder jumps into the air.	4.00
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	0.60
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.	A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	0.40
Three boys playing soccer in a field	Kids play soccer on a field.	4.20
A group of men play a college football game.	A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	1.40
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.	A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	2.80
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.	A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	3.60
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.	One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	3.40
Two dogs playing in a yard.	Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	3.00
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.	An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	2.40
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.	A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	0.00
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.	A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	4.40
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.	Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	2.80
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.	a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	4.40
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.	A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	0.60
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.	A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	4.60
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.	A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	1.80
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.	A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	4.00
A dog pants while standing in the woods.	A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	1.40
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.	A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	1.00
The brown and white dogs run through the field.	The tan and white dog is running in the field.	3.40
Two poodles are running through the snow.	Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	0.80
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.	A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.	4.00
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch	A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	5.00
A girls is jumping in the sand.	Dog is jumping down a ramp.	1.20
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.	The dog plays in the park.	3.20
A little girl on a kid swing.	Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	0.80
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.	Two birds interacting in the grass	0.20
Four dogs playing in the snow.	Four dogs stand in the snow.	3.60
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.	Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	3.40
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.	Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	3.40
a man running track	A man running on a track.	5.00
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.	Two children in a field of red flowers.	4.80
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.	A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	4.00
A black dog is running in the grass.	A small black dog is in the grass.	3.60
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.	A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	1.00
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.	A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	0.00
A child and parent pet a horse.	Children play fight with swords.	0.00
A dog is running through the ocean.	A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	1.40
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.	A man is skating down a set of stairs.	0.80
Cars racing on a dirt track	Three dogs racing on a dirt track	1.40
Two men walking past a mural of a car.	Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	1.20
A brown dog squating on grass.	A brown dog chases a Frisbee	1.60
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.	A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	0.00
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.	Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	5.00
Three dogs run through a field.	A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	2.80
Two puppies play in the grass	two puppies playing around in the grass	5.00
A dog runs through the grass.	A light-colored dog runs through the grass.	4.00
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.	Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	1.00
A black dog running through water.	Three dogs running through water.	1.00
A woman is walking with a red bag.	A woman sits alone against a brick wall	1.20
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.	A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	0.00
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.	A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	2.60
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.	A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	0.80
Two dogs playing on the shore.	The dogs are playing in the snow.	1.80
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.	A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	0.80
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.	A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	3.80
A dog running on the beach	A brown dog sits on the beach.	2.00
The scuba diver is underwater.	Scuba diver submerged in water.	5.00
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.	The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	1.80
Four dogs playing in the snow.	A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	2.60
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.	A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	0.80
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.	Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	2.80
A dog is biting a mop.	A dog in in a car.	1.00
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.	Child holding an object that is on fire.	4.00
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.	A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	1.20
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.	A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	2.40
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.	a young boy climbing on a rock wall	0.00
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.	A black and white dog is running on the beach.	1.80
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	3.40
A person skiing down a snowy hill.	Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	4.20
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.	A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	4.60
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.	A child and two dogs play in the water.	2.20
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.	A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	2.20
People ride up an escalator.	People are standing on an escalator moving up.	4.60
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe	A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	4.20
The brown dog is running across the sand.	The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	1.40
A dog jumps off the stairs.	A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	0.80
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.	Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	0.20
A man walking a large black horse.	A man blowing a large bubble.	0.00
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.	Two people sit on a dock near the water.	3.80
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.	Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	1.80
A black and white dog swims in blue water.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.	1.40
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.	Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	4.60
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.	A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	1.40
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.	The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	3.40
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back	The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	0.00
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.	A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	0.00
Boy and girl running along the beach.	A dog running along the beach.	1.40
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.	A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	4.60
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.	A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	3.20
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.	3.20
A woman is riding her bicycle.	A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	0.50
Some kids play in a field.	Three dogs play in a grassy field.	1.20
a small dog steps onto a log.	A small white dog climbs over a log.	2.80
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.	A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	3.00
A surfer is riding a wave.	A surfer on a wave.	4.40
Two dogs play in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	3.80
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.	The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	2.40
Dogs in a race.	Two men in a running contest.	1.00
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.	A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	2.60
Black and brown dog runs through field.	A black and white dog runs through the water.	2.00
Two children walking down a path in the woods.	Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	5.00
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	3.40
a dog runs across the land.	A woman runs on the beach.	1.80
Two dogs running on grass.	Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	4.40
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	5.00
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.	A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	0.40
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.	A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	2.40
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.	Two people are walking through some water.	1.20
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.	A girl is running on a desert path.	0.80
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.	A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	1.60
A dog splashes in the murky water.	A dog splashing in the water.	4.00
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.	A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	5.00
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.	A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	1.00
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.	The dog is in the air above the grass.	1.00
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	3.80
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.	A black dog is running through some water.	0.00
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	2.00
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.	Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	4.80
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.	The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	0.60
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.	A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	4.40
A classroom of students watching a presentation.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	0.00
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.	A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	0.60
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.	A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	0.00
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.	A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	0.00
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.	Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	2.00
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.	A young girl running on the beach.	4.20
The basketball player holds the ball.	A baseball player throws the ball.	1.60
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.	A man is swinging on a rope over water.	3.00
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.	A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	1.00
A deer is jumping over a fence.	A deer jumps a fence.	5.00
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	1.00
restate (words) from one language into another language.	render one language in another language	5.000
a group of nations having common interests.	nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions	3.250
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.	convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process	3.250
devote oneself to a special area of work.	devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work	4.000
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.	elevated wooden porch of a house	3.250
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.	either half of an archery bow	4.000
a supplementary part or accessory.	a removable device that is an accessory to larger object	3.333
place limits on (extent or access).	restrict or confine	4.750
be opposite.	orient, be positioned	0.500
cause to become alive again.	Bring back to life, return from the dead	4.750
something with no concrete substance.	anything illusory, not concrete or real	3.750
a name given to a product or service.	a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing	4.000
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.	the processing or operation of something	1.500
cover the front or surface of.	line, cover	2.500
estimate the value of.	determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement	4.250
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.	an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation	3.500
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.	festive social event, celebration	4.250
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.	Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.	5.000
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.	a short lyric or poem intended to be sung	3.750
handle effectively.	effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity	2.750
appoint someone to (a position or a job).	employ or become employed in a position	3.500
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).	group of people defined by a specific profession	3.500
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.	storage cabinet furniture	3.500
signal by winking.	Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.	4.250
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.	capital stock in a corporation	2.750
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.	prove or corroborate	2.250
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.	(the content of) a communication.	3.750
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.	a partial denture	3.000
terminate an association with.	move to a lower position, terminate something	2.750
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.	flow, as of liquids	2.500
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.	seal, insulate or protect	2.250
make underscoring marks.	scar physically; create a mark on someone or something	2.500
surround completely.	Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.	3.500
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).	the act or event of ending a process, state, situation	1.250
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.	the price of a good or service	0.000
create an image or likeness of.	depict or portray in art, words, or model	2.000
bend into the shape of a crank.	travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	0.750
mock or make fun of playfully.	Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.	4.250
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.	(Cause to) smell bad.	0.000
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.	social ranking or position	4.000
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.	ponder, consider, observe carefully	3.250
persuade somebody to accept something.	persuade or achieve acceptance	4.333
matter that remains after something has been removed.	physical matter left behind after a removal process	5.000
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.	any tall, vertical shape	3.500
become inflated.	physically inflate	4.750
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.	heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92	3.000
say mean things.	Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.	3.000
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.	care about, be bothered by, be concerned by	3.750
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.	the tallied points of a game, at a given time	2.750
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.	edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution	2.250
a casual or unexpected convergence.	a casual, brief meeting with someone	2.500
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).	an electrical connection between conductor and earth	4.250
the act of ending something.	an agent's act of terminating an activity or event	4.000
a well-known or notable person.	notable or famous persons (real or fictional)	4.500
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.	a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine	3.750
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.	find, determine the place of	3.250
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.	to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature	4.250
be tantamount or equivalent to.	be equivalent, have the same effect as something	3.750
cause to move by pulling.	(cause to) survive	1.000
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.	the money	1.000
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).	a sudden emotional vocalization	3.750
go back to a previous state.	go back, restore, revive	4.000
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.	settlement of people distant from their homeland	2.750
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.	(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.	3.750
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.	enter a realm, become involved with	1.500
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.	a project or undertaking	3.250
a system of units used to express the weight of something.	a standardized system of measurements for heaviness	4.000
some situation or event that is thought about.	a concern or affair	4.500
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.	have a strong sexual attraction to	2.000
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.	a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word	1.500
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.	facility for secure storage of things, often money	4.000
make a certain noise or sound.	emit or cause to emit noise	3.750
cause to be in brief contact with.	make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.	2.333
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.	find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize	2.500
the chief executive of a republic.	head of a country	4.500
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..	Touch with the lips.	3.000
the force used in pulling.	a natural physical force of drawing towards something	2.750
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.	a change which is a decrease	3.000
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).	an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade	3.000
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.	having responsibility for managing or supervising	1.750
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.	fail or suffer failure	4.000
the property of copious abundance.	an abundance of something	4.000
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.	An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.	3.750
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.	An instance of visual perception.	0.500
sway to and fro.	fluctuate, move back and forth	2.500
a change for the better.	the alleviation of distress	1.500
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.	A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.	2.800
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.	a social gesture of deferential greeting	3.400
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.	move to a new location, state, or situation	0.000
give to, and receive from, one another.	Change one for another	1.600
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.	a full stop, as a punctuation mark	4.000
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.	something that is craved	3.250
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.	to grow rapidly	3.500
make high-pitched sounds.	Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.	3.500
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.	domesticated animals kept for use or profit	2.500
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.	a discipline, a branch of knowledge	2.250
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.	a person who is aggressively pursued, chased	3.333
military personnel lost by death or capture.	personnel casualty	2.250
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.	escape or avoid a situation or responsibility	3.250
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.	a relative loss in price, value	4.000
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.	a measurable or quantitative decrease	3.750
change the key of, in music.	Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.	3.500
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.	a written message of nonacceptance	5.000
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.	(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence	0.500
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.	injure, scratch the surface	3.500
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.	A plant structure near the top of the plant.	2.000
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).	a written list of particular things being offered	2.500
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.	a notational mark used in writing, diacritic	3.500
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.	the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone	3.250
an attempt to get something.	an attempt or effort to achieve a goal	4.500
go up or advance.	increase in amount, extent, or intensity	2.750
clean with hard rubbing.	clean, wash thoroughly	3.250
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.	compress out of shape or into small pieces	2.000
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.	point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone	4.000
give or convey physically.	employ or utilize, put into service	0.750
do lacework.	Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.	2.500
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.	a decorative container, often for holding flowers	4.250
preserve with sugar.	preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	2.000
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.	an open motorboat used for transport	2.250
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.	a process of development, increase or advancement	2.750
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.	Make sure of.	3.500
give something useful or necessary to.	supply or furnish with something needed or wanted	2.250
edge tool used in shaving.	a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair	4.000
learn by reading books.	learn, assimilate a body of knowledge	2.000
lengthen or extend in duration or space.	support; hold up; nurture or provide for	0.750
refrain from doing something.	keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something	4.000
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.	Something that provides advice.	3.500
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.	The act of copying the actions of someone else.	2.000
a separate and self-contained entity.	a physical entity	2.500
make less severe or harsh.	lessen in force, impact, or effect	2.500
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.	a judgement or opinion about something	4.000
beat severely with a whip or rod.	flog or whip	2.750
shape or influence; give direction to.	act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal	2.250
produce buds, branches, or germinate.	Germinate, as in a plant.	3.500
a particular environment or walk of life.	social sphere, scope of activity or interest	1.000
a vertical array of numbers or other information.	a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers	4.500
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.	recognize, be familar or well-versed with	2.500
any likeness of a person, in any medium.	a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior	2.500
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..	a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical	2.750
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.	Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.	3.750
informal terms for the leg.	human legs, informal usage	4.000
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).	goal or objective	3.750
place or set apart.	protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions	1.750
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.	an allotment or percentage of something	0.750
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.	something that attains victory	2.750
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.	line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	4.500
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.	a home furnishing that is a fabric cover	3.750
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.	meshed frame over windows and doors	3.500
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.	a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event	3.750
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.	Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.	4.000
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.	the rescue or release of someone, something	2.200
observe with care or pay close attention to.	observe, perceive	3.200
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.	limit, keep under control, deter, forbid	2.800
extend out or project in space.	stick out, jut out, protrude	2.800
be the host of or for.	to act as the host of	4.500
make invalid for use.	put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun	2.000
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.	enjoy, be fond of or approve	1.000
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).	per centum	2.750
an approximate definition or example.	an approximate attribute or quality of something	3.750
the state or fact of being an owner.	The act of having and controlling property.	4.250
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).	a physical protuberance, large or small	2.250
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.	estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	3.500
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.	a portion or percentage of a whole	0.500
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.	lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1	3.250
a single chance or instance.	a unit cost of something	0.000
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.	move back and forth	2.000
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.	a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system	2.250
face and withstand with courage.	face an event and survive; endure	2.250
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.	(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	4.000
a brief statement.	a statement, an idea expressed in language	3.000
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.	perform a duty	3.500
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.	soldier who is a member of a special forces group	3.250
get on top of; deal with successfully.	become master of, overcome, dominate	4.000
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.	area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body	0.500
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.	revolve	1.750
a quantity that is twice as great as another.	twice the quantity or amount of something	4.000
provoke or stir up.	Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.	3.250
the trade of a funeral director.	Funeral direction	3.000
catch fire.	to ignite or catch on fire	4.250
a concentrated example of something.	a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing	2.750
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.	Medicines	3.000
the successful action of solving a problem.	a method for solving a problem	3.750
develop in a positive way.	reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal	2.000
go away or leave.	take something or someone away from somewhere	1.600
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.	a stiffener in a garment	1.000
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).	a constructed underground passageway	3.800
be fully aware or cognizant of.	discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	2.250
move very slightly.	move or change one's own position or quality	3.000
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.	incorporate or enclose one thing in another	1.750
pass over, across, or through.	guide, draw through	1.750
refrain from harming.	rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger	3.400
strike as if by whipping.	beat (as if) with a whip or rod	4.000
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).	the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus	4.400
enclose in or as if in a frame.	create an edge or border	2.600
take up or begin anew.	restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause	2.250
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.	capture, ensnare, discover in the act	2.750
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.	initiation, founding, introduction of something	3.250
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.	a creased or bent form	2.750
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.	train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement	4.500
an interpretation of a text or action.	a mental activity of construing or interpreting	3.250
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.	emphasize; draw attention to; underline	4.250
a prediction of the course of a disease.	possibility for the future	2.000
have need of.	require or need something that is missing	3.250
an indication of damage.	an indication or manifestation of something, often physical	2.750
a momentary brightness.	a sudden, brief burst of light	3.750
cause to regain consciousness.	come or bring back to life, health, existence or use	2.250
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.	A mental state of sadness.	3.250
the act of changing the location of something.	position or location change	3.750
move in circles.	(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point	3.750
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.	bring in to consonance	3.750
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.	submit, send to	1.500
the state of being joined or united or linked.	state of being unified	3.750
become distinct and acquire a different character.	(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.	3.000
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).	an objective or goal	3.500
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.	seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something	3.500
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.	give, dedicate, pledge	3.250
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.	decide a specific time for an event	4.000
like better; value more highly.	value a thing or course of action more highly than another	4.750
give to a charity or good cause.	give something for a cause	3.750
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.	furnish with a guideline	3.750
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.	a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading	2.500
break down, literally or metaphorically.	fail in strength or health and cease to funtion	2.250
react verbally.	reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech	3.667
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).	a slight cut in a physical surface	3.750
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.	cause something to be the case	3.250
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.	a state of confinement in a small space	4.000
give a definition for the meaning of a word.	state or explain the meaning	4.000
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).	cause animals to move	1.250
act against or in opposition to.	be against, resist	4.500
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.	a quantity of money added to a bank account	4.250
bring into being.	cause to come into existence; create	3.250
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.	Performance, routine	2.500
a party of people assembled for dancing.	people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	4.250
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.	a computer server	3.000
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).	forbid, prohibit	2.250
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.	computer text files	3.000
an acknowledgment of appreciation.	a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something	2.250
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.	a state of pretending to be someone, something else	3.333
cause to become widely known.	Become widespread as an idea or feeling.	2.750
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.	connect with; reach a target or goal	0.000
government income due to taxation.	income collected as tax by a government	4.750
shape or influence; give direction to.	be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome	2.000
put an end to.	end	3.000
the particular portion of space occupied by something.	a region allocated to hold something	4.500
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.	acknowledge a contribution or cause	0.750
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.	arrangement	2.000
an arrangement scheme.	system of arrangement	3.750
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.	close within bounds; deprive of freedom	3.750
get or gather together.	to collect, acquire or gather	4.750
censure severely or angrily.	deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length	0.500
a pair of people who live together.	a pair of mated people, e.g., married	5.000
become unfit for consumption or use.	rot; become unfit for consumption	4.750
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.	lock with one another	3.250
take vows, as in religious order.	take vows, join or allow to join a religious order	4.500
the general activity of selling.	activity of selling	4.750
allow to have.	give out, allow to have	4.500
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.	secondary public school, grades 9-12	4.750
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).	Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.	3.000
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.	luggage compartment of a car	2.500
have or exploit a monopoly of.	have a monopoly of; control fully	4.500
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.	reduce to a simpler molecular compound	3.750
attract; cause to be enamored.	cause to be interested	2.500
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.	To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.	3.500
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.	The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.	4.750
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.	(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.	4.500
fall out of the pod or husk.	remove the pod, husk or shell	4.000
abstain from eating.	abstain from eating or from certain foods	4.000
feel hot or painful.	feel hot or painful, as if burning	4.000
come back after being refused.	(cause to) return after being refused	4.750
loss of ability to function normally.	a loss of function	4.250
someone who controls resources and expenditures.	administrator, one who controls resources	3.500
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.	a stovetop, cooking appliance	3.750
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.	rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	4.500
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.	a quantity that is an approximate calculation	4.000
turn on or around an axis or a center.	turn on an axis; spin	4.000
an offer of marriage.	marriage offer	5.000
show submission or fear.	Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.	3.500
the entering of a legal document into the public record.	the public submission of a legal record	4.250
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.	Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	4.000
have faith or confidence in.	have faith in, bet on	4.250
start to burn or burst into flames.	burst into flames (telic)	4.250
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.	The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.	4.500
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.	mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal	4.000
an onerous or difficult concern.	an onerous worry or concern	5.000
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.	someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations	5.000
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.	a sharp side of an object	3.333
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.	the forceful hit of a ball	2.750
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.	Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.	3.500
utter with force; utter vehemently.	throw with force	2.000
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.	Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.	4.000
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.	pass through the esophagus	3.500
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.	move freely (usually within a bounded space)	4.750
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.	secrete or form water	3.500
the state of being connected.	the state of being in contact	4.000
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).	a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme	3.500
the time yet to come.	time to come	3.750
the state of owing something (especially money).	the legal state of owing money	4.750
a specific size and style of type within a type family.	a style and size of typeset	4.500
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.	demand, ask for, or take as one's due	4.000
damage the reputation of.	Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.	3.500
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.	Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.	3.000
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.	(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm	3.000
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).	a knapsack, bundle on the back	4.750
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).	a person who delivers information or goods	4.250
an intuitive understanding of something.	having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something	4.250
adhering to moral principles.	adherence to moral principles	5.000
have sexual intercourse with.	 have sex with	5.000
partake in a feast or banquet.	partake or provide a banquet	4.750
show devotion to (a deity).	idolize/show devotion to	4.750
make a clicking or ticking sound.	make a ticking sound	5.000
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.	run or flow slowly	3.250
write a computer program.	Write a computer programme.	4.500
a state of order in which events conform to the law.	a state of social order in conformance with existing law	5.000
an electronic memory device.	An electronic storage device.	4.500
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.	a reference line used to align lettering	4.250
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.	the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose	3.750
look furtively.	Look furtively at something.	4.000
get rid of.	cast off, get rid of something	3.500
get or find back; recover the use of.	recover posession or get back again	4.250
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.	a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element	4.750
cause to move round and round.	(cause to) move around	4.000
become due for repayment.	become due	3.000
provide veterinary care for.	Provide medical care for.	3.500
make new.	do over, make new	3.750
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.	coat, cover, or treat the surface of	4.500
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).	BASEBALL: strike out a batter	4.000
regain or make up for.	Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.	3.250
duplicate or match.	duplicate, match	4.750
indistinct articulation.	indistinct vocal articulations	4.250
the act of applying force in order to move something away.	the act of shoving something away	4.000
drive forcibly as if by a punch.	move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.	5.000
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.	an intense surprise, often unpleasant	4.750
make less hostile; win over.	Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.	4.250
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.	informal usage for a domestic cat, often young	4.250
sorting one thing from others.	The act of sorting one thing from others.	4.750
the act of fastening things together.	the act of physically affixing or connecting things	4.000
a group of people living together in a camp.	the people who dwell in a camp	4.000
an unforeseen development.	An unforseen development.	5.000
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.	bring into general popular/common use	3.000
make impure.	make impure; make radioactive	3.250
an implement consisting of a length of wood.	a long, thin implement, usually made of wood	4.750
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.	Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.	4.000
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.	(Cause to) to turn to the left side.	2.250
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.	Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result	3.750
fix to; attach.	Physically attach to something.	4.250
assign to a specific task.	assign to a particular task	4.750
be the culminating event.	culminating event	3.750
the act of constructing something.	act of constructing	4.750
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.	the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip	4.750
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.	consider again, usually with a view to changing	4.000
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.	cancel, reverse, annul	3.500
determine the essential quality of.	define; determine essential qualities of	4.500
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.	The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.	3.250
manipulate the registers of an organ.	manipulate the registers of a musical instrument	3.500
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.	move in an irregular course	3.750
the act of granting rights.	the legal granting or bestowment of rights	4.000
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.	jolt of electrical current to the body	3.750
become pregnant; undergo conception.	Become pregnant.	4.000
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.	the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment	3.750
the act of apportioning or distributing something.	act of distributing	3.750
the state of being more than full.	The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.	4.500
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.	conscious subjective emotion or desire	4.000
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.	The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.	3.750
hunt or shoot snipe.	to hunt snipe	4.000
hunt with hawks.	hunt for hawks	3.500
(construction) a layer of masonry.	a continuous horizontal layer of brick	1.750
a usually brief attempt.	a brief attempt at some endeavor	3.750
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.	propagation of waves back from a surface	4.000
examine minutely.	examine minutely; search diligently	3.500
be fond of.	enjoy, be fond of or approve	3.000
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.	a person under the guardianship or custody of another	5.000
strike sharply, as in some sports.	Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.	4.750
fly in or as if in a glider plane.	Fly in or on a glider plane	5.000
a fourth part of a year; three months.	one fourth of a year	4.750
make tight or tighter.	make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive	2.750
provide with power and authority.	provide (a person or group) with power or authority	4.500
run at a moderately swift pace.	Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	3.750
form an impenetrable cover over.	Envelop completely; form a cover over.	4.750
a mold for setting concrete.	mold for casting, setting concrete	4.250
wear away or erode.	cause friction; wear away or erode	3.500
something that is desired intensely.	A feeling for something that is desired intensely.	4.500
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.	put or store in a bottle	4.250
be a sign or indication of.	Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	4.000
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of choosing, picking one among many	4.250
the act of becoming more distant.	act of becoming distant, moving away from	4.250
take in marriage.	take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony	3.750
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.	Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.	4.500
a stronghold.	a military fortification, stronghold	3.250
the fashionable elite.	the fashionable elite of a given community	3.250
the characteristic utterance of an animal.	characteristic call of an animal	4.500
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.	make or become more acute or intense	4.500
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).	A journey for some purpose.	4.250
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.	Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.	4.000
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.	fruit cooked down with sugar, jam	3.250
the activity of leading.	the act of leading or guiding others	4.000
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.	coating used as a repellant to moisture	4.250
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.	a person who cleans chimneys	4.250
emit a steady even light without flames.	Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.	3.500
behave in a certain way.	behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome	3.500
express or utter with a hiss.	communicate with a hiss	4.500
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.	a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen	3.750
a boxing or wrestling match.	a sporting match, boxing	3.750
cause to procreate (animals).	cause to reproduce (plants or animals)	4.500
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.	The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.	4.750
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.	move along on wheels	4.250
provide with a new seat.	[provide with a new or different resting place	3.750
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.	activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground	4.500
enter uninvited.	to interrupt, enter uninvited	3.500
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.	A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.	4.000
a cause of pain or injury or loss.	a cause or source of harm	3.750
make clear and (more) comprehensible.	make (more) comprehensible	4.500
the act of retaining something.	the state of being retained	4.500
a problem.	a problem, something wrong	4.000
stretch out completely.	stretch out or over completely	4.750
continue to live through hardship or adversity.	continue to live, exist, or prosper	2.500
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).	a caress with the lips	3.750
lay with rails.	Provide with rails, as by laying.	3.500
the motion of one object relative to another.	the close approach of one object to another	4.500
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.	make a hole with a pointed tool	4.000
piece (something old) with a new part.	Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.	4.000
the act of breaking something.	the act of  damaging something, causing breakage	4.250
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.	the ground level of a multi-storied building	3.750
a quantity of money.	A quantity of something	2.250
the large room of a manor or castle.	a large room	3.000
prevent from entering; keep out.	leave out, omit, prevent from entering	4.500
sniff or smell inquiringly.	Sniff at inquiringly.	4.000
provide housing for.	provide lodging for	4.750
change the inherent purpose or function of something.	Change the purpose or functioning of a system.	4.750
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.	provide with tools or items for a specific purpose	4.667
gain points in a game.	gain points in a game; add up (numbers)	4.000
travel in front of; go in advance of others.	travel in front of, be first, precede	4.333
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.	Remove by rubbing	4.667
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.	the hard upper part of the human nose	4.667
make (a surface) shine.	make shine	4.333
return to a former condition.	recover, return to former state	4.250
remove the husks from.	remove the pod, husk or shell	4.000
speed up the progress of; facilitate.	speed up the process of	4.250
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.	(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out	4.750
raise in rank, character, or status.	Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.	3.750
make visible by means of chemical solutions.	alter by chemical means, to make images.	3.250
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.	highly infectious viral disease	3.500
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.	make a certain size or sort according to size	4.250
remove tree stumps from.	Remove tree stumps from an area.	4.000
pass the tongue over.	pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	3.250
an image that is generated by a computer.	a computer-generated visual image	5.000
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.	do better in a competition; win	4.000
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.	aerodynamic force that opposed gravity	3.500
start abruptly.	Start abruptly, ignite	3.000
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.	a local announcement made within a public broadcast	4.000
something that is made real or concrete.	making real or concrete	4.000
sound sharply or shrilly.	Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.	4.000
the act of admitting someone to enter.	the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere	4.000
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.	spend time in prison	4.000
contain or hold; have within.	hold, contain within	4.750
the act of informing by verbal report.	act of verbally informing	4.750
request urgently and forcefully.	forcefully request	4.000
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.	the quality of dissimilarity	4.500
throw quickly.	throw quickly, flick	4.000
move to and fro.	move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near	3.000
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.	3.750
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).	the breakup or termination of a social relationship	3.750
destroy a ship.	destruction of a ship	5.000
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.	The human act of making something new.	3.500
ride a motorcycle.	ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)	4.500
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.	The principal activity that one does to earn money.	5.000
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.	maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity	4.750
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.	a spoken or written reply to a question	3.750
a committee having supervisory powers.	committee with supervisory powers	5.000
a short section of a musical composition.	a section of a composition, textual or musical	4.250
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.	a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction	4.750
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.	take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal	4.500
a part of a forked or branching shape.	forked form or shape	3.750
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.	insert or close with a plug	4.750
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.	incite some act of insubordination	4.000
announce the termination of, as of treaties.	formally announce the termination of an agreement	3.500
cause to throb or beat rapidly.	beat or pound rapidly	4.000
make a mark or lines on a surface.	Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of	4.000
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.	recite as a chant, intone	3.750
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).	the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it	4.000
the act of applying force suddenly.	act of applying force	4.500
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.	the process of becoming less or smaller	5.000
exercise authoritative control or power over.	Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.	4.250
be or play a part of or in.	be a factor or play a role in something	4.250
an extended area of land.	an expanse of land	4.500
move an implement through.	move an implement through with a circular motion, mix	3.500
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.	deprive of courage, hope, or optimism	3.750
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.	the armed forces	2.750
furnish with spars.	Furnish with metal spurs.	2.750
remove water from.	Remove water from a substance.	3.250
provide with rails.	Provide with rails, as by laying.	3.250
be a summary of.	make or be a summary	4.500
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.	be affected with smut or mildew	3.750
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.	Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.	3.000
accept an excuse for.	Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.	3.500
be a signal for or a symptom of.	indicate, be signs or symptoms of	4.750
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.	a verbal or written request for access to something.	3.500
have as a logical consequence.	have a logical result	4.750
cross on foot.	Travel on foot.	4.750
the act of sucking.	the act of suction	4.500
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.	A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.	4.250
put a harness.	Put a harness on.	4.750
provide or equip with furniture.	Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	4.750
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.	To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).	4.750
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.	reason or establish by deduction	5.000
fertilize and cause to grow.	Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.	3.750
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.	find the solution to or understand the          meaning of	5.000
move about in a confused manner.	Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.	4.750
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.250
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.	A means or agency by which something is communicated.	5.000
take apart into its constituent pieces.	take apart into constituent pieces	5.000
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.	A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.	5.000
issue an order.	decree, issue an order	4.000
the termination of a meeting.	the termination, ending of a meeting	5.000
an indicator that orients you generally.	An indicator that orients one generally.	5.000
increase the volume of.	Increase the acoustic volume of.	4.000
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.	open to members of all races and ethnic groups	5.000
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading	5.000
hit a fly.	hit a fly (baseball)	4.000
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.	FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	3.750
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.	be or come into conflict	3.750
produce a click.	Produce a phonemic click.	3.250
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.	angle with a hook and line and draw through          water	5.000
the face or front of a building.	the front face of a building	5.000
make something more diverse and varied.	make something more diverse or varied	5.000
issue bonds on.	issue bonds on something	4.000
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.	women's sleeveless undergarment	5.000
move very fast.	Move oneself very fast.	3.500
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.	Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	4.000
make more complex, intricate, or richer.	make more complex or intricate	3.750
show to be invalid.	cause to be/show to be invalid	4.250
create by putting components or members together.	create a new entity by putting components or members together	4.500
the activity of supplying or providing something.	the activity of providing supplies	4.750
make lighter or brighter.	make or become brighter or lighter	5.000
the actors in a play.	actors in a play	5.000
take up someone's soul into heaven.	take someone's soul into heaven	5.000
discipline in personal and social activities.	Discipline in personal or social activities.	5.000
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).	a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant	4.750
a sudden outburst.	A sudden (emotional) outburst.	4.250
make hard or harder.	make or become harder	4.000
the introductory section of a story.	the introductory portion of a story	5.000
work with a tool.	work material with a tool	3.750
make less severe or strict.	make or become less strict or severe	4.500
support by placing against something solid or rigid.	support by placing on or against something solid	4.750
part; cease or break association with.	Part, cease, or break association with (something).	5.000
have the financial means to do something or buy something.	have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	5.000
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.	A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.	4.250
to say, state, or perform again.	say, state, or perform again	5.000
allow the passage of air through.	allow the passage of air	5.000
unite or merge with something already in existence.	unite; merge with something already in existence	5.000
use up (resources or materials).	use resources or materials	5.000
become hard or harder.	make or become harder	5.000
cause to be firmly attached.	(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	5.000
become broader or wider or more extensive.	make or become wider or more extensive	5.000
unrestricted freedom to use.	Unrestricted freedom to use something.	4.750
the act of taking possession of or power over something.	laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.	4.750
give a structure to.	give structure to	4.750
mark with a scar.	mark with scars	5.000
tag the base runner to get him out.	(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	5.000
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.	Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.	4.400
a competitor thought likely to win.	a competitor most likely to win	4.800
become long or longer.	make or become longer	4.600
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.	be on base at the end of an inning	4.600
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.	Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.	3.500
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.	(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.	3.500
provide with a toggle or toggles.	provide with a toggle	4.750
cause to move back and forth.	(cause to) move back and forth or side to side	4.250
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.	measure the depth of a body of water	3.750
make a loud noise, as of animal.	make a loud noise, as an animal	5.000
the act of coming to land after a voyage.	The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	5.000
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.	join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people	5.000
make reference to.	Make reference to something.	4.500
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.	Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.	4.250
move in a spiral or zigzag course.	Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	4.750
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.	a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy	4.250
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.	Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	4.000
overcome with amazement.	overcome with amazement; flabbergast	4.000
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.	behave in a condescending manner	3.750
take into one's family.	take into one's family or group	4.000
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.	(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.	5.000
go on a campaign; go off to war.	go on a campaign or off to war	5.000
react to a stimulus or command.	react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	4.250
sound with resonance.	(Literally) sound with resonance.	5.000
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.	an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals	4.750
make a logical or causal connection.	make a causal or logical connection; group together	4.250
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.	Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	5.000
exercise, or have the power of, memory.	exercise or have power of memory	5.000
a state of extreme anger.	A feeling or state of extreme anger.	4.750
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.	Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.	5.000
admit to testing or proof.	Admit to testing/proof	5.000
any accounting period of 12 months.	an accounting period of 12 months	5.000
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.	praise the qualities in order to sell or promote	4.333
relative darkness or lightness of a color.	relative darkness of a color	3.750
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.	Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	4.250
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.	Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	4.750
open again or anew.	open again, open anew	5.000
a way of conceiving something.	A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.	4.000
heat a metal prior to working it.	heat metal prior to working it	5.000
feel the need to eat.	feel the strong need to eat	4.500
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.	be in direct physical contact with	3.667
give suck to.	Give suck to; receive suck.	3.667
decorative cover for a bed.	covering for a bed	4.333
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.	grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	5.000
play on a string instrument with a bow.	play a stringed instrument with a bow	4.500
an impression that something might be the case.	Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.	4.000
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.	A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.	4.750
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).	Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.	4.500
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.	hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness	5.000
a single serving of a beverage.	a serving of a beverage	5.000
give an incentive for action.	Give an incentive or reason for action.	4.500
the day immediately before today.	the day before today	5.000
take or capture by force.	take or capture by force or authority	4.333
apply a plaster cast to.	(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.	5.000
interfere in someone else's activity.	interfere with someone else's activity	5.000
assign a new time and place for an event.	Assign a new time for an event	5.000
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.	Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.	4.750
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.	touch or hold with the hands	4.500
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.	scrape or rub to relieve itching	5.000
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.750
any activity that occupies a person's attention.	Any activity that acquires a person's attention.	5.000
cause to become awake or conscious.	cause to become awake or alert	5.000
provide a feast or banquet for.	provide a feast or banquet	4.500
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.	The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.	5.000
fool or hoax.	Fool or hoax (someone).	4.250
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.	raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	4.750
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.	The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.	4.500
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.	(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.	5.000
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.	give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to	4.000
a soft pad placed under a saddle.	the soft padding under a saddle	5.000
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.	elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration	5.000
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.	inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions	4.750
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.	cause to vibrate in a different pattern	4.000
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.	warn or call to a sense of preparedness	4.500
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	4.500
cause to move faster.	move faster, or cause to move faster	4.500
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.	Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.	5.000
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.	express protest or dissent, raise an objection	4.000
clear mucus or food from one's throat.	clear mucus from one's throat	4.250
pass into a specified state or condition.	pass into a state or condition	5.000
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).	add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)	3.750
make thick or thicker.	make or become thick	4.750
run or move very quickly or hastily.	move or execute very quickly or hastily	4.750
feel physical pain.	hurt, feel physical pain	4.000
tell or spread rumors.	tell or spread rumors; say	4.250
throw with force or recklessness.	throw with force or recklessness; cast away	4.250
return in thought or speech to something.	return to in thought or speech	4.500
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.	Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	4.250
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.	a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument	4.250
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.	Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.	4.500
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.	BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.	4.750
reproduce or make an exact copy of.	Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.	3.750
thread on or as if on a string.	pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string	4.500
engrave by means of dots and flicks.	Engrave by means of dots.	4.500
have a strong desire or urge to do something.	have a strong desire to do something	4.750
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.	be relevant or pertinent	4.500
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news	4.000
to become aware of through the senses.	become aware of through the senses	5.000
cause to be alert and energetic.	cause to be alert or energetic	4.500
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.	Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.	4.500
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.	cook slowly for a long time in liquid	5.000
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.	the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	3.750
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.	Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.	3.750
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.	The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.	5.000
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).	Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.	4.250
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.	Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.	4.750
maintain or assert.	maintain, assert, or claim	4.250
restore to a previous or better condition.	Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.	4.500
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.	make accessible to some action, influence, or condition	4.750
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.	Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.	4.000
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.	The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.	5.000
put under the control and authority of a federal government.	put under the control of the federal government	4.750
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.	Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.	5.000
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.	equip with a fuse	4.250
the successful ending of the American Revolution.	end of the American Revolution	4.750
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.	(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.	5.000
a demanding or stimulating situation.	stimulating or demanding factors of a situation	4.500
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.	A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.	4.500
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.	Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.	5.000
utter words loudly and forcefully.	A human utters words loudly and forcefully.	3.250
contrast with equal weight or force.	oppose with equal weight or force	5.000
strike the air in flight.	(Cause to) strike the air in flight.	5.000
preserve in a can or tin.	Preserve in a tin or jar.	5.000
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.	a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop	5.000
make the surface of level or smooth.	make the surface level or smooth	5.000
impress or affect deeply.	Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).	4.750
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.	Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.	4.750
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.	apply a thin coating of paint/metal	4.750
fail to attend to.	disregard, fail to attend to	4.250
make a sharp sound.	make a short, sharp sound	4.000
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.	connect or fasten into a chain by linking	4.750
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.	beat thoroughly in a competition or fight	4.500
look through a book or other written material.	Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).	5.000
the state of being active.	state of being active	5.000
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.	(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.	5.000
make unfit or unsuitable.	declare or make unfit or unsuitable	4.250
cook on a hot surface using fat.	Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.	4.000
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.	Improve by pruning or polishing	4.500
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.	An area that is central within some larger region.	4.500
start suddenly, as from fright.	start suddenly, as if from fright	5.000
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.	Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.	3.750
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.	Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.	5.000
the finger next to the thumb.	the finger next to the thumb, forefinger	4.500
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something or someone (unpleasant)	4.750
the role of the head of a government department.	role or function of the head of a government department	5.000
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.	consider again, usually with a view to changing	4.250
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.	drive at an excessive or illegal velocity	4.250
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.	an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	5.000
the act of giving someone a job.	the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone	4.500
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of annoying someone or something	3.500
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.	Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	4.000
cite as an authority; resort to.	Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).	5.000
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.	4.500
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).	make out of components (in an improvising manner)	5.000
learn by repetition.	rehearse, learn by repetition	4.250
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.	Intend something to move toward a certain goal	5.000
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.600
write as if with print; not cursive.	write as if with print, not in cursive	5.000
shoot down, of birds.	shoot down birds	4.400
appoint to a clerical posts.	appoint to clerical posts	5.000
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.	(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.	4.750
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.	Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.	5.000
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.	Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.	5.000
any accounting period of 12 months.	accounting period of 12 months	5.000
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.	Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.	4.250
give a thrashing to; beat hard.	give a thrashing to, beat	4.750
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.	Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.	5.000
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.	5.000
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.	The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.	4.250
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.	Protect or strengthen with sandbags.	4.250
make a tour of a certain place.	travel; make a tour of a place	5.000
the head of a city government.	the political head of city government	4.750
take up with the tongue.	pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	3.250
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.	A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England	5.000
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.	a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	4.750
take away a vital or essential part of.	Take away a vital or essential part of          something.	4.750
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.	An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	4.250
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.	Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	4.750
make up something artificial or untrue.	make up something fictional or untrue	4.750
the act of swallowing.	the act of swallowing liquid	4.250
have unlawful sex with a whore.	have unlawful sex with a prostitute	4.500
reverse the winding or twisting of.	Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.	4.000
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.	Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.	4.500
sharpen with a strap.	sharpen a razor with a strap	3.250
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.	the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code	4.500
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.	The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.	4.250
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.	Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.	4.500
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.	fill with high spirits	4.250
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.	The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.	3.500
let or cause to fall in drops.	(cause to) fall in drops	4.500
the status of being a champion.	The status of being champion.	5.000
draw advantages from.	Draw advantages from; take advantage.	3.750
any large deep body of water.	measure the depth of a body of water	0.8
an actor who plays a principal role.	someone who plays a principal role	3
reach or come to rest.	(cause to) come to rest on a surface	3.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2.2
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.	alphanumeric sequence used for identification	3.8
the event of something being raised upward.	a state of being elevated or raised	2.6
the act of climbing something.	the act of lifting something	0.6
shine intensely, as if with heat.	Bind or join (as if) with cement.	0.2
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.	(finally) do something or be somewhere	1
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.	a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	3.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
coerce by violence or with threats.	coerce by violence, fill with terror	4
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.	cause to move, cause to be moved	1.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0
have flavor; taste of something.	the foremost part of something	0
behave in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	4.4
a visual representation of something.	a reproduction or physical representation of something	3
a specialized division of a large organization.	a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	1.6
a person who is appointed to a job or position.	the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	4.6
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.2
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.	a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	3.4
the act of cracking something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
the act of cracking something.	Cut into, possibly creating something new.	0.6
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of choosing among alternatives	2.4
the act of breaking something.	The act of testing something.	0.8
the state of being connected.	the state of being in contact	4
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.	giving a reference or citation of something	0
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.	Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	3.8
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.	the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	0.2
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.	a feeling or state of contentment, relief	4
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.	Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	4.2
place or put on the ground.	place into the ground for growing	2
a visual representation of something.	an approximated amount of something	0.8
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.	stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	4.4
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0.8
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).	Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	4.2
the state of being excluded.	The state of being suspected.	0.6
the act of having and controlling property.	The act of providing approval and support.	0
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.	Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	4.8
a brief experience of something.	a side or surface of something	0
appear in a certain way.	utter in a certain way	1.4
turning or twisting around (in place).	the act of turning, rotating an object	3
increase in extent or intensity.	(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	4
the verbal act of offering.	the legal state of owing money	0.4
make sense of; assign a meaning to.	make sense of, give meaning to	4.6
the act of hiring something or someone.	The act of beginning something new.	1
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.	printed version of electronic data from a computer	4.2
limit in quality or quantity.	Limit in quantity or quality.	5
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	3.5
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of surrendering or losing something of value	2.25
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.	The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	4.8
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	4.4
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the natural progression or development of something	0
the act of describing something.	the act of lifting something	0
an opinion formed by judging something.	an explanation or alibi for something	0
return to a former condition.	recover, return to former state	4.8
take liberties or act with too much confidence.	Act without permission or with too much confidence.	3.6
the act of testing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.75
make a film or photograph of something.	become the owner or posessor of something	0
the act of rejecting something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the act of testing something.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the physical position of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	0.4
the popular taste at a given time.	the shape of a wave in a given period of time	0.4
an intuitive understanding of something.	a distinctive style of clothing	0
cause to become alive again.	cause to have an odor	0
let or cause to fall in drops.	fall or cause to fall	3.6
the act of testing something.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	0.6
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.	keep from being seen or perceived by others	3.8
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.	a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	3.4
the act of retaining something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
the act of chipping something.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	0.8
perceive by inhaling through the nose.	smell by inhaling through the nose	4.5
the intended meaning of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	0.8
cause to adopt a new or different faith.	(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	3.8
cause to become violent or angry.	(cause to) become less intense or strict	1.2
the act of losing someone or something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.2
a short account of the news.	narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	4
engrave by means of dots and flicks.	Engrave by means of dots.	3.8
the act of raising something.	the act of shoving something away	1.2
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.	decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	4.6
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.	make noise like bad engine	3.8
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.	be in direct physical contact with	4.8
the quality of being of practical use.	the quality of being dependable	1
arrange a program of or for.	Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	3.4
give an interpretation or rendition of.	express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	1.4
the act of dwelling in a place.	the quality of being dependable	0
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).	a store or supply of something	3.8
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.	suggest or prescribe a solution	2.6
a person who is in charge.	person who manages money in board games	0.6
the act of dragging (pulling with force).	the act of rubbing a surface	0.6
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.6
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.	the act of validating the authenticity of something	1.2
the act of forcing out someone or something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.	Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	4.4
move as if through a sieve.	Travel (as if) through water.	1.4
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4
to wind or move in a spiral course.	Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	4.8
induce into action by using one's charm.	Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	4
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.	connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	4.6
hold in a tight grasp.	hold or embrace in a tight grip	4.6
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.	the shape of a wave in a given period of time	2.6
the lower part of anything.	the foremost part of something	0.2
the act of liberating someone or something.	The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	0.2
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of planning or deliberating	2
cause (someone) to undergo something.	be located at or on top of something	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the scent or odor of something	0
make a dry crackling sound.	(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	3.4
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.	fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	4.2
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.	The act of talking about the features of something.	1.2
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0.2
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.	a natural growth of plants, usually trees	4.2
the act of cracking something.	the act of planning or deliberating	0.2
the physical position of something.	the physical expanse of the universe	0.4
a boundary marking the extremities of something.	a boundary area or edge of something	4.2
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.	reach a destination or goal	3.4
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
argue or speak in defense of.	to argue or plead in favor of	4
cause to happen or be responsible for.	support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	2.2
to put down by force or authority.	take or capture by force or authority	2.8
cause to march or go at a marching pace.	(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	0.6
the act of reducing the amount or number.	the act of rending, tearing, ripping	0.75
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.	Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	4.8
the last section of a communication.	(the content of) a communication.	2.8
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.	The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	0
the act of disturbing the mind or body.	the act of pressing together firmly	0
the condition of being motivated.	The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	0.6
lower the pitch of (musical notes).	move to a lower position, terminate something	0.4
the act of making a proposal.	the act of pulling a load	0.4
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	0.4
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	0.8
make ready for action or use.	make or become more acute or intense	1
the act of breaking something.	the activity of breaking or splintering something	4
get the meaning of something.	the extreme endpoint of something	1.6
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.	Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	2.4
any affliction that causes great suffering.	any cause or source of great suffering	4.6
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the act of moving, turning something	2.2
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.	To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	3.8
the state of being rejected.	The state of being pleased with life.	0.4
the solid part of the earth's surface.	the height of the sea's surface	0.2
the act of starting something.	The act of testing something.	1.4
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.	cover with a primer base	4.6
make a logical or causal connection.	discover a logical or causal connection; associate	3.8
extend in a different direction.	Rewrite in a different script.	0.2
the act of beginning something new.	the act of reasoning, cogitation	0.6
the act of giving a false appearance.	the act of giving a speech	0.4
observe or plot the moving path of something.	be located at or on top of something	0.4
the act of breaking something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
have a disagreement over something.	the scent or odor of something	0
give an incentive for action.	Give an incentive or reason for action.	4.2
the act of cutting something into parts.	the context or setting in which something takes place	0.2
give surety or assume responsibility.	tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	3.4
move from one place to another.	move from one location to another	5
the act of dropping something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
give a performance (of something).	Give a performative affectation to (something).	2.8
any new participant in some activity.	a participant who is a beginner in some activity	4
turn the paddle; in canoeing.	Turn the paddle or oar.	3.8
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0.2
the last section of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	4.6
the relation of comprising something.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	0.6
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.	be a reason, cause, or justification of	4.4
remove from a position or office.	retreat or move from a position, relocate	2.6
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.	The human act of making something new.	3.8
the act of starting something.	an instance of halting some motion	0.4
cause to become widely known.	(cause to) gradually become weak	1
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.	a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	3.2
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).	The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	4.8
exclusive control or possession of something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0.6
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.	take something or someone away from somewhere	3.2
money in the form of bills or coins.	energy in the form of molecular motion	0.6
a state of extreme poverty.	a state of exposure to harm	0
the act of attaching or affixing something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	1.4
the act of rejecting something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
have a wish or desire to know something.	have a strong desire to do something	3.2
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.	take in (mentally or physically)	1.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.2
pronounce with an initial sibilant.	pronounce with a nasal twang	2.4
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).	an upward slope or incline	4
a relatively long narrow piece of something.	an allotment or percentage of something	1
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.	Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	3.6
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.	Identify, establish location or identity	4.4
the act of starting something.	the act of shoving something away	0.6
an obligation to pay or do something.	an explanation or alibi for something	0
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.2
preserve in a can or tin.	Preserve in a tin or jar.	4.4
dress in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	1
the act of raising something.	The act of testing something.	0.8
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.	give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	4.4
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.	The principal activity that one does to earn money.	4.2
the act of drawing or hauling something.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.2
the act of becoming more distant.	the act of planning or deliberating	0.4
the act of retaining something.	The act of testing something.	0
the last (12th) month of the year.	12th month of the calendar year	4.8
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.	a company that provides public service commodities	3.8
get involved or mixed-up with.	get involved with or mixed up	4.6
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).	gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	2.6
a brief experience of something.	a fast rate or occurrence of something	3.2
the act of chipping something.	the act of lifting something	0
make even or more even.	(cause to) become even or level	4.4
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	4.2
give an interpretation or rendition of.	Give an incentive or reason for action.	0.2
hit before it touches the ground.	hit or return before it touches the ground	4
the state of being unsure of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	0
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
fix or set securely or deeply.	Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	3.8
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..	A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	3.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the activity of breaking or splintering something	4.2
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.	a retail store with merchandise for sale	4.2
twist suddenly so as to sprain.	twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	4
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.	resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	4.2
the act of stopping something.	be a factor or play a role in something	0.2
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.	the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	4.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	request or demand something from someone	1
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0.8
support on the back and shoulders.	Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	3.2
contrast with equal weight or force.	oppose with equal weight or force	3.8
the quality of not being useful or convenient.	the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	0.4
the quality of being important and worthy of note.	the quality of being important, worthy of attention	4.8
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).	attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	3.6
change toward something smaller or lower.	the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	4.4
a chance to do something.	a visual characterization of something	0.2
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.	put in a particular place or abstract location	3
the trait of wasting resources.	the action of extending outwards	0.4
have flavor; taste of something.	the consequence or aftermath of something	0.2
cause to run in panic.	(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	3.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	1.4
cause to turn on an axis or center.	turn on an axis; spin	3.6
set into opposition or rivalry.	PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	3.8
the physical position of something.	the processing or operation of something	1
the act of hearing attentively.	the act of pulling a load	0.4
the act of designating or identifying something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	0
the act of dropping something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.6
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.	social or economic downfall of someone or a group	2.8
the last section of a communication.	the primary component of a communication	1.6
process or result of becoming less or smaller.	the process of becoming less or smaller	4.2
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.2
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.	the act or capability of seeing	0
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.8
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.	give a specific interpretation to	3.2
the state of being rejected.	The state of being suspected.	0.8
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.	The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	4.2
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.	a military aircraft that drops ordinance	3
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	4.6
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.	the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	3.6
the act of cracking something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
maintain with or as if with a bet.	Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	0
the act of stopping something.	the act of lifting something	0.2
rein in to keep from winning a race.	rein in a horse to lose a race	3.8
cause to come out in a squirt.	(cause to) come to rest on a surface	1.4
cover or swamp with water.	provide or supply with water	1.8
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
have or contain a certain wording or form.	contain or have a specific wording or information	4.4
a channel for communication between groups.	a channel of social communication	4.8
lengthen or extend in duration or space.	Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	4.2
take or have a position relative to others.	a rank or position relative to others	3.4
the act of dropping something.	the uppermost area of region of something	0
the act of losing someone or something.	the apparent condition or state of something	0.2
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.	burn slightly to affect color	4.66666666666667
give certain properties to something.	a general trait or characteristic of something	3.2
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.	position in football played by a team member	2.8
the act of fastening things together.	The act of arranging elements together.	2
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.	cause a sharp or stinging pain to	4
the act of dropping something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
serve as the inciting cause of.	incite action, cause an event	4.2
come up, as of a liquid.	come up, as of liquid or gas	3.6
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.4
adapt to a specified measurement.	adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	4.2
alternative names for the body of a human being.	anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	2.4
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.	cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	3.2
make up something artificial or untrue.	make up something fictional or untrue	5
break from a meeting or gathering.	remove to or from a place or situation	2
the act of ending something.	the act of lifting something	1.2
a special set of circumstances.	a happening or incident of human significance	0.2
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.	protect with or as if with a shield	3.8
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.	basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	4.8
the act of cracking something.	the act of lifting something	0.4
cause to move back and forth.	(cause to) move gently back and forth	4.4
the state of being active.	the state of being in contact	1.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	The act of testing something.	0.4
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
get the meaning of something.	Understand the meaning of something.	4.6
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.	take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	4.6
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
alternate dramatically between high and low values.	change (dramatically) between high and low values	4.6
the act of designating or identifying something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	2.4
cause to be balanced or suspended.	(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	0.4
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.	design for a specific purpose	4.2
the act of forcing out someone or something.	to combat or oppose someone or something	2.6
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.	(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	2.2
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.	a mental grasp or understanding of something	4.2
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.	do something considered below one's diginty	4.6
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.	(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	4.2
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of cutting off length, snipping off	4.2
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.	a sovereign regime and its assemblage	3.8
the act of raising something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.75
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the extreme endpoint of something	0.4
the quality of being significant.	be or have a quality of being	2.6
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.	Improve by pruning or polishing	4.4
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.4
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.	a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	4
the act of ending something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.8
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
a reason for wanting something done.	Cut into, possibly creating something new.	0.6
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.	a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	3.6
take up, as of debts or payments.	come up, as of liquid or gas	0.2
cause to be hanging or suspended.	cause to be immersed in	0.4
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of substituting one thing for another	3.75
a way or means to achieve something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of validating the authenticity of something	0.8
time during which some action is awaited.	amount of time that something is postponed	3.8
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).	reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	3.8
an established or recognized right.	An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	4.4
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.2
the occupants of a floor.	the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	4.6
the successful action of solving a problem.	a method for solving a problem	3
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.	cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	0
a member of a police force.	an observer of a process or activity	0.4
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.	an address used for postal communication	4
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.	Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	4
limit in quality or quantity.	spare in quality or quantity	2.8
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of shoving something away	0.2
the event consisting of the start of something.	the apparent condition or state of something	1.8
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.	engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	4
something recalled to the mind.	something considered trite but amusing	0.6
the act of constructing something.	the act of lifting something	1.6
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.	concrete enactment of an idea or concept	3.8
affect with or as if with a cramp.	raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	0.8
become liquid or fluid when heated.	(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	4
the act of making up your mind about something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	1
something additional of the same kind.	a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	3.2
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	0.4
react to a stimulus or command.	react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	4.2
a formal association of people with similar interests.	club or association of people with a shared interest	4.4
free from obligations or duties.	free from obligations, service or confinement	4.4
the act of dropping something.	the degree or amount of something	0
the act of putting something in a certain place.	the act of arriving at a certain place	1.4
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.	medium of exchange minted by a government	3.4
advance or set forth in court.	advance or set forward in court	4.8
make a written note of.	make a written note of something	4
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
a native of ancient Troy.	a citizen of ancient Troy	3.8
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	The act of testing something.	0
the act of terminating a life.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.	The act of moving in a hurried manner.	3.6
the act of describing something.	the act of clipping, cutting	0.2
raise from a lower to a higher position.	Physically raise from a lower position.	4.2
the act of retaining something.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
the rate of increase in size per unit time.	an increase in size as measured per unit of time	4.6
the first part or section of something.	advance warning or notification of something	0.6
the act of constructing something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0.6
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	3.8
the act of testing something.	smother, surpress or lessen something	0.4
cause to be interested or curious.	cause to be immersed in	1.8
the act of making or enacting laws.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
the intended meaning of a communication.	The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	4.4
come into the possession of.	be given to, come into the possession of	4.4
react to in a certain way.	utter in a certain way	1.2
the state of being covered with unclean things.	have or be covered with bristles	1.6
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of planning or deliberating	1.8
make a film or photograph of something.	be located at or on top of something	0
move or establish in a new location.	be in or establish communication with	0.4
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	4.8
an obligation to pay or do something.	be located at or on top of something	0
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.	a collection of something, often a large amount	2.4
urge with or as if with a goad.	whip with or as if with a whisk	0
a disease of the heart.	dysfunction or ailment of the heart	4.4
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.	decorate a manuscript with red	3.8
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of devoting time and energy to something	0.6
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.	verify something by comparing to a standard	3.6
part; cease or break association with.	Part, cease, or break association with (something).	4.6
put a new heel on.	put heels on a shoe	4
the act of raising something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.8
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.	make images or sounds less sharp	2.4
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	4.4
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.	measure the depth of a body of water	3.2
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.4
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.	a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	3
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
have a strong desire or urge to do something.	have a strong desire to do something	4.8
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	0.2
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.	person who is a social companion	3.6
hold or carry in equilibrium.	hold or place in equilibrium	4.6
the management of someone or something.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.4
work as a tinker or tinkerer.	work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	3.8
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	0.6
the termination of a meeting.	the termination, ending of a meeting	5
attack as if with claws.	scratch or scrape with claws or nails	4
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.	a social occasion, often official or formal	3.8
believe to be the case.	infer or believe to be the case	4.2
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.	move in such a way as to avoid	4
the act of climbing something.	The state of being absent.	0
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	remove by pinching or snipping	4.4
cause to become widely known.	(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	0
any area set aside for a particular purpose.	prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	2
the act of climbing something.	the act of people having sex	0.2
accuse formally of a crime.	to lecture formally to an audience	0.2
the act of creating written works.	the act of creating an artistic work	2.8
the state of being excluded.	the state of being in contact	0.6
collect discarded or refused material.	collect discarded, refused or damaged material	3.8
a business firm that publishes newspapers.	an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	4
the act of motivating; providing incentive.	the act of providing incentive to someone	4
the act of examining resemblances.	the activity of examining or assessing something	2.2
make small marks into the surface of.	Make marks in the surface of.	3.8
take up with the tongue.	Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	0
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.4
be equal to in quality or ability.	spare in quality or quantity	1.2
return in thought or speech to something.	return to in thought or speech	5
the act of climbing something.	The act of testing something.	0
the management of someone or something.	manner of handling, managing someone or something	4.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of selecting or picking something	1
put an end to a state or an activity.	LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	4.2
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	3.8
emit a steady even light without flames.	Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	2.8
the act of starting something.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0.2
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.	reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	0.2
a unit of military aircraft.	a type of military aircraft	3.8
the state of taking in or encircling.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.2
a person who plants bombs.	a person who plants or detonates explosives	3.8
suit to a special purpose.	make fit for a specific purpose	4.2
strike with horror or terror.	strike with horror, surprise, disgust	3.8
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.	have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	2.2
throw into great confusion or disorder.	A state of confusion or disorder.	3.4
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.	a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	4
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.	a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	4.8
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.	the natural progression or development of something	1.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of pulling an object	0.8
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.	A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	4.4
the act of retaining something.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	1.2
add cream to one's coffee, for example.	Cook in cream or using cream.	1.2
consider as part of something.	a negative or undesirable aspect of something	0.6
suit to a special purpose.	gear or develop something to a particular purpose	4.6
the act of losing someone or something.	identify or pick out someone or something	0.6
the state of being depleted.	a state of being encircled	0.2
conform to a metrical pattern.	read or conform to the metrical pattern of	4.4
a small thin branch of a tree.	a major branch of a tree	1.4
the act of starting something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.	(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	4.8
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.	form schemes in an underhand manner	4.4
the act of forcing out someone or something.	identify or pick out someone or something	1
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.	the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	3
walk as if unable to control one's movements.	Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	4
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).	arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	3.8
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.	make fit for a specific purpose	4
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of lifting something	0.6
cause to lean to the side.	cause to move, cause to be moved	1.6
an indication of some hidden activity.	an indication of something, evidence	1.8
the state of being suspected.	The state of being absent.	0.6
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.	(cause to) break up or cease to function	4
the last section of a communication.	the selection of a lottery winner	0
be in some specified state or condition.	being in a protected state or condition	2
the act of escaping physically.	the act of escaping, fleeing	4.2
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4
give a performance (of something).	Create a coating for something.	0.6
the act of projecting out from something.	Create a coating for something.	0
limit the range or extent of.	restrict or limit the range of	4.8
the act of dropping something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	1.8
the justification for some act or belief.	an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	3.2
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.	presentation of a musical theme	5
let or cause to fall in drops.	 cause or permit to fall to the ground	2.8
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.	move or sway in a sinuous fashion	4.4
cause to spread in another part of the world.	sell or transport an item or idea abroad	2.6
the act of making a proposal.	the act of taking an offer	0.8
a committee appointed to judge a competition.	a group of people appointed to a committee	2.6
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).	intuitions, a hunch or feeling	1.4
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.	situate, position, come to rest	3.4
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	3.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of lifting something	0
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.	Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	4.4
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.	the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	3
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.	the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	3.8
the act of testing something.	the act of lifting something	0.8
the act of retaining something.	the act of escaping, fleeing	0.4
two people who are married to each other.	people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	0
give certain properties to something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the activity of supplying or providing something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0.2
the act of raising something.	the act of lifting something	4.4
enclose in or as if in a frame.	confine in or as if in a prison	1.6
make believe with the intent to deceive.	Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	3.2
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.	the act of sorting things into categories	4.2
fly in or as if in a glider plane.	Fly in or on a glider plane	4
the act of testing something.	the act of choosing or selecting	1.4
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.	open to members of all races and ethnic groups	4.6
go after with the intent to catch.	Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	4.2
the center of an object.	the center region of an object	4
an appraisal of the value of something.	an approximated amount of something	2.8
form a carpet-like cover (over).	cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	3.6
room where work is done.	room where work or repairs are done	4.2
the act of testing something.	the act of shoving something away	0.6
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.	take possession of by legal authority (for security).	3.6
refer for judgment or consideration.	hand over or put in	0.2
send from one person or place to another.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	2.4
the act of dwelling in a place.	the act of pulling a load	0
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of annoying someone or something	0.2
the act of projecting out from something.	The act of talking about the features of something.	1
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.	turn from an upright/normal position	3.6
the act of dropping something.	the act of lifting something	0.2
the end or completion of something.	the identification or the realization of something	1
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.6
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.	A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	3.8
the center of an object.	the central area of an object	4.6
the act of colliding with something.	the act of lifting something	0.6
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of lifting something	0.4
the act of stopping something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0.4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0.6
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.	Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	4
be a sign or indication of.	Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	4.2
the general outward appearance of something.	the general impression or appearance of something	4.4
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.	know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	4.8
make something, usually for a specific function.	Make or create something for a specific function.	4
get rid of as if by submerging.	get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	3
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of acknowledging the truth of something	0.6
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.	change or conform to fit new or different conditions	4.4
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.	a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	4
organize or be responsible for.	support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	4
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.	strive against another or others to attain a goal	3.2
the act of cracking something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
remove from a position or office.	Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	1.6
the act of colliding with something.	the act of directing attention, resources to something	0.2
ride on someone's shoulders or back.	Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	4
the act of mixing together.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	3.4
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).	a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	3.2
the act of moving from one place to another.	the translation of an opus from one language to another	0.2
the act of admitting someone to enter.	the act of annoying someone or something	0
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.	Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	4.4
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.	a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	4.25
dispose of (something useless or old).	Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	4
the state of being excommunicated.	The state of being absent.	0.4
appear or become visible; make a showing.	rise to surface; become visible or known	3.6
correct by punishment or discipline.	overcome with astonishment or disbelief	0
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	3.8
the act of climbing something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2.2
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.	a list of items to be consulted and marked off	4.6
the act of stopping something.	The act of testing something.	0.6
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of damaging something, causing breakage	3.2
put into a certain place or abstract location.	put in a particular place or abstract location	4.6
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of perceiving a scent	4.4
the act of administering medication.	the act of providing assistance, giving aid	1.8
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force, impact, or effect	4.6
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).	cover with wooden boards; secure	1.4
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).	a lid or top of a container	3.8
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.6
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.	cause to vibrate in a different pattern	2.4
the act of adding one thing to another.	The act of dividing or disconnecting.	0.8
decide upon or fix definitely.	decide upon or fix definitely/specify	4
provide a feast or banquet for.	provide a seat or base for	1.4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of explaining or defending something	0
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.	an observer of a process or activity	0.4
give new life or energy to.	make keen; give (new) life or energy to	3.8
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.	the activity of learning or being trained	4
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.	thin metal strips used in typesetting	3.8
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.	falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey	4.2
the act of designating or identifying something.	the act of designating a role to someone	1.8
make pure or free from sin or guilt.	make pure or free from sin	4
fail to do something; leave something undone.	leave undone or leave out	4
an unofficial association of people or groups.	a social set or clique of friends	3.6
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.	The upper part of a column.	4.4
sink to a lower level or form a depression.	sink to a lower level; descend	3
create code, write a computer program.	create code or computer programs	4.6
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.	release from confinement, obligation, or a burden	3.2
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.	(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.	4.4
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.	a company that provides public service commodities	3.4
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.	Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	4.4
to distribute systematically or strategically.	Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.	5
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.	create something in the mind	3.6
to make less distinct or clear.	(cause to) become less clear or indistinct	4.8
free from a burden, evil, or distress.	exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement	3.8
a straightaway section of a racetrack.	a straight length of road or racetrack	4.2
emit a brief burst of light.	(cause to) emit a brief burst of light	4.2
alter the shape of (something) by stress.	stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury	3.2
move as a crowd or in a group.	move in a group or flock	4.4
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).	a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege	4.8
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.	An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	4.8
clear mucus or food from one's throat.	clear mucus from one's throat	4.6
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.	preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	3.6
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.	an address used for postal communication	4.6
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.	An organization that sponsors a large public event	4
support a person for a position.	legally approve or ratify a person for a position	4.2
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.	Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	5
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.	anything with the form of a thin strip	1.4
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.	the controlling component of a grammatical constituent	4
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.	reach a destination or goal	3.6
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.	Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	4.5
part; cease or break association with.	Part, cease, or break association with (something).	4.8
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).	a cue given to someone for assistance	3.6
draw from specific cases for more general cases.	make more common, uniform or general	1.6
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.	(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound	4.8
make undue claims to having.	Make (undue) claims of owning.	3.4
the head of a city government.	the political head of city government	4.8
become quiet or still; fall silent.	to cause to become quiet	4.2
move forward by leaps and bounds.	More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.	4
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.	give up right or possession to another	4.4
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.	come as a logical consequence, be inferred	4.6
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.	the event of gradually vanishing from view	5
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.	feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about	4
travel along a zigzag path.	travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	3.8
make a mess of or create disorder in.	create a mess or disorder	5
the state of being employed or having a job.	the state of being employed	5
a sculpture representing a human or animal.	a sculpture of a human or animal	4.8
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.	(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)	1.75
travel or be transported in a vehicle.	operating or traveling via a vehicle	4
fall or descend to a lower place or level.	(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value	4.2
the ability to recall past occurrences.	the ability to recall things	4
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	3.4
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).	the noise of something rapping against a surface	3.2
ask for and get free; be a parasite.	Ask for and get something for free.	2.6
the general condition of body and mind.	a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	1.6
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.	an area enclosed by walls or buildings	4.4
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.	raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	4.4
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..	the act of surrendering an asset	3
protect or fight for as a champion.	protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	2.8
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.	A relation of affinity or harmony between people.	4
save or relieve from an experience or action.	save from an experience, action or harm	4
run around the rim of.	go around the rim of	4.8
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.	take in (mentally or physically)	0.8
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.	separate (as if) by passing through a sieve	4.2
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.	a cultivated plant that is now growing wild	5
speed up the progress of; facilitate.	speed up the process of	5
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.	Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.	4.8
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.	a computer program that performs system support	4.2
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.	the length of time of a temporary cessation	4.4
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.	rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke	3.4
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.	Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.	3.8
confine as if in a prison.	confine in or as if in a prison	4.6
approach with an offer of sexual favors.	make amorous or sexual advances toward	4.2
correct by punishment or discipline.	Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.	3.75
cause to go into a solution.	break up a solid, usually into a solution	2.8
a movement back from an impact.	A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.	4.6
the action of putting something into operation.	the act of putting something to use.	4.6
disentangle and raise the fibers of.	(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner	0.4
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.	a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden	3.2
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.	an itemized statement of money owed	3.6
the positively charged dense center of an atom.	positively-charged center part of an atom	4.6
an event that causes someone to die.	An event that causes someone or something to die.	3.8
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.	indicate a decision or prediction	0.8
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.	state of being active, bustling about	4.6
cause to be alert and energetic.	cause to become awake or alert	4
look through a book or other written material.	Look through a book or some other written material (for information).	4.6
the last section of a communication.	the conclusion of a communication	5
go to see for professional or business reasons.	meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	4
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.	assembled group of spectators at a performance	4.4
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.	give interlinear explanations or citations for text	3.6
leave or give by will after one's death.	Leave to someone after one's death.	3.6
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.	cause to vibrate in a different pattern	3
compel to behave in a certain way.	compel, enforce, or insist on something	3.8
travel across or pass over.	draw a cross in the air over something	0.4
give up what is not strictly needed.	give away something that is not needed	4.2
become less interesting or attractive.	(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.	4.6
have a disagreement over something.	have a disagreement or quarrel over something	4.4
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).	endure or experience a painful event	1.4
process or manner of functioning or operating.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	4
the event of something ending.	the event of coming to a stop, ending something	4
return to an original state.	return to a prior state	4.4
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).	the United States, especially the North during the Civil War	4.6
place too much a load on.	(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged	4
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	3.4
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.	imagine; form a mental picture of something	3.4
indicate a decision in regard to.	indicate a decision or prediction	3.4
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.	carry a burden, real or metaphorical	5
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.	An official task or undertaking, usually funded	2.8
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.	the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism	3.2
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.	stamp or emboss with a block	4.6
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.	(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	3.8
a group of sheep or goats.	a flock of sheep or goats	5
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.	a unit of atmospheric pressure	3.8
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.	a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve	3
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.	a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else	4.4
the act of taking something that is offered.	the act of taking an offer	4.6
hit before it touches the ground.	hit or return before it touches the ground	4.8
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.	a thrusting weapon, as a sword	3.4
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.	mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities	3.8
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.	Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.	3.8
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.	pay unsolicited sexual attention to	3.4
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.	Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	4.4
rerun a performance of a play, for example.	reshow a play or broadcast	4.8
a position given by its location to the side of an object.	a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments	1.4
the state of being controlled or governed.	state of being under control	3
an automobile race run over public roads.	a vehicle race on public roads	4.8
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.	take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong	4.2
put into a certain place or abstract location.	move into and stay in a particular position	3
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.	opening shot in billiards or pool	4.4
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.	an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg	3.8
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
an informal right to something.	An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	3
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.	fetching something from a source	2.8
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.	communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs	4.6
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.	strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin	4.8
the act of spending or disbursing money.	the act of spending, disbursing funds	5
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.	recording tracks of music made on some medium	0
an aptitude that may be developed.	an inherent aptitude or talent	3.6
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.	Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.	4.6
free from obligations or duties.	free from obligations, service or confinement	3.6
twist suddenly so as to sprain.	twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	4.6
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.	a cause or source of duress, worry	3.2
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.	a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance	3.6
come as if by falling.	move (as if) by lowering	0.6
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.	Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace	4.2
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.	economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation	4.8
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.	clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned	3
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.	Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.	2.4
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.	the act of throwing a baseball	3.6
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.	Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.	4.6
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	4.8
register formally as a participant or member.	(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate	2.8
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.	give a specific interpretation to	3.4
organize anew, as after a setback.	Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.	4.4
catch in or as if in a trap.	to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize	4.6
an exclusive group of people.	an exclusive, privileged group of people	4.8
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.	come into conflict, meet in opposition	4.4
react to a stimulus or command.	react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	4.6
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.	provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	3.4
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.	a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	4.4
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.	cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction	0
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.	The human act of making something new.	0
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.	move or gather in a hive	4.6
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.	rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	4
provide or equip with furniture.	Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	4.6
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).	Make or create something for a specific function.	2
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.	lowest employee salary permitted by law	4.8
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.	watery rot on produce caused by fungus	4.2
room where work is done.	room where work or repairs are done	4.4
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.	Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	4.4
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.	compress out of shape or into small pieces	2.8
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).	a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument	4.4
cause to grow thin or weak.	(cause to) gradually become weak	4.2
run or move very quickly or hastily.	move or execute very quickly or hastily	4.7
prove to be false or incorrect.	Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.	4.8
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.	(cause to) be overlaid with something	2.8
carry, as on one's back.	carry as a backpack, go backpacking	3.4
separate into constituents by soaking.	(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.	3.2
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.	GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.	4.6
glare or strike with great intensity.	glare or strike with intensity	4.6
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.	rightful portion or stake of something	4.2
shine brightly, like a star or a light.	Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.	4.6
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.	the rotating motion of an object	3.6
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.	a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend	4.4
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.	grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	5
pass by, over, or under without making contact.	exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something	1.2
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.	the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	4.2
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.	turn in to get something in exchange	4.4
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of perceiving a scent	5
relative darkness or lightness of a color.	relative darkness of a color	4.4
change from one form or medium into another.	express or transform in a new form or language	2.8
become or make oneself fresh again.	freshen, to make fresh; refreshen	3.6
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.	a work area for manufacturing or repair work	3.8
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.	fall between two taxonomic groups	4.6
overflow with a certain feeling.	bubble over with a certain feeling	4.6
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.	scoop up, as if with a ladle	4
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.	The action of opposing some other social or military force.	4.2
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	Incline or bend; changle configuration.	2.4
wet with a spurt of liquid.	(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	4.6
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.	To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).	4.6
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.	a specified portion of a whole	3.8
join or attach with or as if with glue.	Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.	4.4
transfer from one place or period to another.	move from one location to another	3.4
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.	to make a great mental or physical effort	4.8
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.	FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	3.2
use up the whole supply of.	completely use up a resource	4.8
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.	secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm	4.4
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.	a local non-residential college offering two years of courses	2.8
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.	Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.	5
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.	an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	4.5
destroy the peace or tranquility of.	interfere with someone else's activity	0.4
arrange or order by classes or categories.	assign to or arrange into categories	4.4
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.	be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as	4.8
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.	Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.	4.6
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4.8
cause to become ice or icy.	make colder, or icy, using ice	2.4
show to a seat; assign a seat for.	provide a seat or base for	3.5
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.	Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.	4.4
the act of committing a crime.	the act of perpetrating a crime	5
support by placing against something solid or rigid.	support by placing on or against something solid	5
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.	not succeed in achieving some abstract thing	0.2
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.	a pointed instrument for writing, stylus	3.4
partake in a feast or banquet.	partake or provide a banquet	4.8
any new participant in some activity.	a participant who is a beginner in some activity	4.6
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.	fasten by passing a rope through or around something	3.4
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.	line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	4.6
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.	the act of enumerating or tallying a total	2.8
remove a constituent from a liquid.	remove substances from a liquid or solution	4.8
study intensively, as before an exam.	study intensively as if preparing for a test	5
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.	decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	4.6
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.	bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits	2
a cell for violent prisoners.	a detention center for prisoners or drunks	2.2
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.	a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party	5
run at a moderately swift pace.	Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	5
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.	Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	4.6
creating a picture with paints.	the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints	3.6
the territory occupied by a nation.	owned territory of a sovereign government	3.6
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.	(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.	5
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.	an operation that groups items according to specific criteria	4.4
force to go away by blinking.	Force to go away by blinking one eye.	4.4
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.	the tactile (touch) quality something has	2.8
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.	Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	3.2
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.	drag loosely along a surface, trail	4.6
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.	Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.	4
cause to be perplexed or confounded.	Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.	5
serve as a means of expressing something.	symbolize, serve as an example of	3.8
the act of decreasing something markedly.	the activity of removing a resource	1.6
thread on or as if on a string.	pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string	3.6
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	changing one thing for another	4.6
lack of agreement or harmony.	lack of agreement, not harmonious	5
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act or capability of seeing	4.2
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.	an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning	4.2
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.	stain with a dirty substance	4.2
appoint to a clerical posts.	Appoint, ordain to a clerical post	4.8
make a prediction about; tell in advance.	expect, predict, or forsee something in the future	3.6
give a definition for the meaning of a word.	state or explain the meaning	4.4
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.	immerse briefly into liquid or container	3.6
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.	A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.	3.8
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.	pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	4.4
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.	cause to assume a condition	4
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.	the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets	4.25
cover with liquid before cooking.	drench periodically with liquid while cooking	2.2
raise to a higher energy level.	Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)	5
make certain of the failure or destruction of.	make certain the failure or destruction of; destine	4.8
have certain properties when driven.	function in a particular manner when moving	1.8
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.	a set of pieces of creative work for showing	4.2
someone who takes photographs professionally.	a person who takes pictures, often a professional	4.2
reveal its presence or make an appearance.	Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).	discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	1.2
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.	perform or supervise a ritual	4.2
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	4.6
the motion of one object relative to another.	the close approach of one object to another	2
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.	act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes	5
the high value or worth of something.	cost or monetary value of goods or services	3
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.	a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre	4.4
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.	Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.	2.8
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.	regard with consideration or respect	4.6
the act of raising something.	the act of lifting something	4
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	Lie at an angle; bend along a path.	3.4
prevent the progress or free movement of.	hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	3.2
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).	The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	0.8
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.	Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.	4.2
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling	5
direct the course of; manage or control.	manage, handle, or control something	4.6
the force by which one object attracts another.	physical force that draws objects together	3.8
deal with in a routine way.	deal with according to routine or procedure	3.6
cover with a protective sheathing.	Enclose in a protective covering.	4.4
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).	reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	4.8
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.	a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue	4.2
the act of providing a subsidy.	the act of allowing, bestowing something	1.2
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.	Draw in and expel air through lungs.	5
the opening page of a web site.	starting page of a website	5
tag the base runner to get him out.	(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	4.6
close with a snapping motion.	(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound	2
a party of people assembled for dancing.	people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	3.6
a conveyance that transports people or objects.	a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled	4.4
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.	365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar	4.6
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.	Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	5
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.	a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials	3.8
approach a certain age or speed.	approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.	3.4
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.	to fill with coal or oil	3.6
assign to a specific task.	assign to a particular task	5
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.	leave isolated with little hope of rescue	4.6
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.	an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen	3.4
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.	make coincide in time or operation	4
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.	confine in or as if in a prison	5
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.	the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	4.8
the system of production and distribution and consumption.	a social system of production, distribution and consumption	4.4
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.	keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition	4.2
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.	a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	2.8
regard something as probable or likely.	regard something likely or reasonable to happen	4.8
the rate of increase in size per unit time.	an increase in size as measured per unit of time	5
have a great affection or liking for.	have a great affection, liking, or desire for	5
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.	keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening	2.8
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.	Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.	4.4
something that serves to indicate or suggest.	Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.	3.75
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).	A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.	4.4
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.	Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.	4.8
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.	repeat; reestablish or begin again	4.25
obtain data from magnetic tapes.	COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light	3
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.	Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.	3.8
mean or intend to express or convey.	signify or mean to express or convey	5
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.	Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	4.6
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.	a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant	3.4
separate or cause to separate abruptly.	Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.	4.4
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.	cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible	4.2
cause to be firmly attached.	(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	4.4
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.	a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	4
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.	Identify, establish location or identity	3.4
put or introduce into something.	put or set into, between or among	2.8
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.	a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else	4.2
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.	division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree	4.6
subsist on a meager allowance.	Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.	4.8
obtain or provide money for.	provide, raise, or supply funds to	4.4
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.	an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	4.2
the activity of putting something in written form.	The act of creating written works.	4.6
take or capture by force.	take or capture by force or authority	5
go after with the intent to catch.	Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	4.6
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.	an official campaign against a perceived societal harm	3.2
remove shells or husks from.	Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks	4.2
an aggressive willingness to compete.	aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness	3.2
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.	Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	4.8
give a neat appearance to.	give a neat appearance to, neaten	4.9
the set of elements common to two or more sets.	the spatial, geometric contour of an object	0
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.	the physiological activation of an organism or organ	1.8
the act of hiring something or someone.	supporter, advocate of something or someone	0.6
make up something artificial or untrue.	make up something fictional or untrue	4.8
billow up in the form of a cloud.	regulate or set the time of (a clock)	0
the act of testing something.	the act of substituting one thing for another	0
the first part or section of something.	the foremost part of something	4
the state of being active.	the state of being in contact	1
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.	measure the time or duration of	0
the act of stopping something.	Create an electrical short in something.	0.6
pull, or move with a sudden movement.	Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	4.4
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	5
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.	final stage of an event or activity	0.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the act of governing, administrating	0.4
the act of retaining something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
the state of being angry.	the state of being retained	0
create and charge with a task or function.	hold in a given state or situation	0
the management of someone or something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	1.2
hurl as if with a sling.	Soak up (as if) with a sponge.	0.4
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.6
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.	The act of creating written works.	0.2
the act of admitting someone to enter.	the state of having options, alternatives	0
the act of retaining something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.6
the state of inactivity following an interruption.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.2
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0
the trait of being well behaved.	the state of being retained	1
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.	Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.	1.4
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.	act or do something in reaction to something	0.4
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the quality of being useful for something	0.6
separate with or as if with an instrument.	protect with or as if with a shield	0
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	4.6
be in some specified state or condition.	bind somebody or become bound emotionally	0.2
lift and reset in another soil or situation.	assimilate into the mind or a situation	0.8
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	0
a portion removed from the whole.	location sheltered from the wind	0
the act of looking or seeing or observing.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.8
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.	Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	5
have flavor; taste of something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the noise of something rapping against a surface	1.2
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.	(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	2.6
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.7
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.	the act of moving, turning something	2.2
take measures in preparation for.	make an incision or separation	0
an established line of travel or access.	an established linear path of travel	4.2
behave in a certain way.	behave in a certain way, usu. joyful	4.4
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.	make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements	0.2
the speech act of objecting.	the spatial, geometric contour of an object	0
get despite difficulties or obstacles.	a physical difficulty or obstacle	2.8
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.	ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.	4.8
a disagreement or argument about something important.	want, desire or perfer to do something	0
the visual appearance of something or someone.	look at or observe something or someone	2.4
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.	the nature, makeup or constitution of something	1.2
make sense of; assign a meaning to.	make sense of, give meaning to	5
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.	move, transfer or carry something or someone	2
the state of being in effect or being operative.	the state of being retained	0.4
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of providing help or aid to someone	0
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.	FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.	4.2
create and charge with a task or function.	Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.	0
cause to be firmly attached.	cause to be immersed in	1.2
the act of describing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
make by combining materials and parts.	build, make by combining materials or parts	4.8
where you live at a particular time.	(cause to) happen at a later time	0.2
the act of colliding with something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	1
the act of rejecting something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.2
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.	the act of arriving at a certain place	0.8
the trait of wasting resources.	the act of grasping into one's arms	0
the state of being excommunicated.	a state of being encircled	0
to incline or bend from a vertical position.	incline from a vertical position	4.7
to bring or combine together or with something else.	(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears	0
terminate, end, or take out.	leave undone or leave out	1.8
the act of changing one thing or position for another.	changing one thing for another	4.8
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
bring into a different state.	put into or keep in a stall	0
the upper part of anything.	The appropriate or desirable thing.	0
the act of clipping or snipping.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.4
a visual representation of something.	a visual characterization of something	4.6
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.	physically grapple with an opponent	0
the act of applying force to propel something.	the scent or odor of something	0
the act of breaking something.	The human act of making something new.	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
the act of spending or disbursing money.	a state or act of gaining pleasure	0
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.	Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.	2.4
the act of testing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
the act of catching an object with the hands.	the act of appraising, critiquing something	0.4
cause to happen or be responsible for.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	3
compel to behave in a certain way.	take action or behave in a certain way	4.2
the state of being active.	the state of being retained	0.8
show consideration for; take into account.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0
the act of decreasing something markedly.	the act of expressing approval, support of something	0.4
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.	the act of putting something to use.	0.6
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.	Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.	4.4
an appraisal of the value of something.	sacrifice or toll required to achieve something	0
the act of taking of a person by force.	the act of advocating or promoting something	0
the state of being excommunicated.	the state of being employed	0
the quality of not being useful or convenient.	the quality of being useful for something	1.8
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.	a person who memorizes or learns quickly	0
the state of being connected.	the state of having one's weight supported	0
the act of raising something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
the act of constructing something.	An exciting or stimulating experience.	0.4
the act of climbing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0
the act of testing something.	the act of putting something to use.	1.9
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.	the root or base form of a word	0
originate or come into being.	be or come into conflict	1.6
make or become more narrow or restricted.	make or become more acute or intense	2.4
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	5
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.	Literally cause to become unable to see.	0
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.	attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.	0.8
a visual representation of something.	visual representation sketched by hand	2.8
a person who is a member of a partnership.	a person who is a member of the senate	0.4
communicate or signal with a flag.	Cover or back with foil.	0
the state of being joined or united or linked.	The state of being pleased with life.	0
the act of hiring something or someone.	look at or observe something or someone	0.4
give a neat appearance to.	give a neat appearance to, neaten	4.9
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.	an abundance or profusion of something	1
make a request or demand for something to somebody.	request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone	3.6
the act of making up your mind about something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the state of being depleted.	the state of being employed	0
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0
the act of providing a subsidy.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
the act of rejecting something.	The act of beginning something new.	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.	live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla	0.2
the act of damaging something or someone.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.	Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.	5
run at a moderately swift pace.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	4.2
cause to make a snapping sound.	(cause to) meet or intersect	0.4
put or introduce into something.	settle or deal with something	0.8
send from one person or place to another.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	0.6
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	4
a restraint that checks the motion of something.	realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	0
go one's own way; move apart.	Follow one's own or another's path	3.6
the state or fact of being an owner.	the state of being in contact	0.4
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act or means of getting rid of something.	5
set or ask for a certain price.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0.8
free from obligations or duties.	severance from a social connection or tie	2.2
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
the state of being rejected.	the state of being retained	0.6
the space where a division or parting occurs.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0.6
attain success or reach a desired goal.	DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal	4
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of harming or hurting someone	3.7
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
piece (something old) with a new part.	the pulsation of the heart	0
be worthy of or have a certain rating.	behave or move in a certain manner	0
run or move very quickly or hastily.	move or execute very quickly or hastily	4.7
believe to be the case.	infer or believe to be the case	4.8
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).	a border or boundary of an object	0
the act of losing someone or something.	the act of providing incentive to someone	0.75
the act of decreasing something markedly.	The act of beginning something new.	0.4
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4.5
the act of passing something to another person.	Entreat; ask for some information or action.	0.75
the act of spending or disbursing money.	The act of indicating or pointing out by name.	0.4
the act of stopping something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.8
move from one place to another.	move from one location to another	4.8
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.	set forth as an introduction or preface	0
the act of choosing or selecting.	the action of placing or situating an object	0
the act of breaking something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0
the state of being connected.	the state of being retained	1.3
have a disagreement over something.	a consequence, outcome or result of something	0
the act of changing one thing for another thing.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0
the act of applying force to propel something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
lessen in force or effect.	lessen in force, impact, or effect	5
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0
a relation that provides the foundation for something.	a rationale or reason for something	2.8
the act of damaging something or someone.	request or demand something from someone	1.4
register formally as a participant or member.	register formally as a participant	4.6
the trait of wasting resources.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.	defining, distinctive form or shape of something	3.6
cause to come to the ground.	RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground	4.6
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.	Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	5
the visual appearance of something or someone.	an aggregation of things or people	0
change the arrangement or position of.	trace the form or outline of	0.4
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.4
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.6
act or move at high speed.	Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	1.2
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.	the process of becoming less or smaller	0.4
the state of being actual or real.	the state of being retained	1.2
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.	Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.	4.8
make a channel for; provide with a channel.	make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view	1.4
the act of spending or disbursing money.	the activity of examining or assessing something	0
combine so as to form a whole; mix.	combine so as to form a more complex product	4.6
get the meaning of something.	Understand the meaning of something.	5
a relatively long narrow piece of something.	the flavor quality of something	0.4
observe or plot the moving path of something.	estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	0.4
put in a horizontal position.	put in a dangerous position	0.8
a large or extra supply of something.	a store or supply of something	4.8
organize (the production of something) into an industry.	Understand the meaning of something.	0
an appraisal of the value of something.	an allotment or percentage of something	1
the act of exploding or bursting.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.	give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	4.4
tie or fasten into a knot.	take legal action against, as in court	0
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.	The act of searching for or buying goods or services.	0
bring to a certain spiritual state.	bring to a certain pressure	0
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.	penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	5
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	0.4
how something is done or how it happens.	the way something conforms to a shape	0
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.	realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	0.4
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.	Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	4.8
an energetic attempt to achieve something.	an agent or company that insures something	0
the act of rejecting something.	the event of proposing or volunteering something	0
remove from a contest or race.	remove from a place or from office	1.2
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.	(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	4.2
a loud resonant repeating noise.	free (from restraint), let loose	0
the act of troubling or annoying someone.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.4
remove or force out from a position.	remove to or from a place or situation	2.8
the act of breaking something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.6
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	0
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	act of moving or conveying something	0
the activity of supplying or providing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
the act of testing something.	the act of putting something to use.	1.9
get the meaning of something.	draw a cross in the air over something	0
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.	the act of forcibly taking the opposition	2.6
the act of winding or twisting.	the act of choosing or selecting	0
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.	Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.	5
the power to use something or someone.	Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	0
the disclosure of something secret.	an indication of something, evidence	1.4
the act of starting something.	the act of improving something's quality	0
create by putting components or members together.	create a new entity by putting components or members together	4.4
something that floats on the surface of water.	small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	0
the act of putting something in working order again.	the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	0.4
the state of being excluded.	the state of being in contact	0
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.	collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content	2.6
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.	turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw	0
the act of projecting out from something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	3.8
become or cause to become soft or liquid.	become or cause to become obstructed	1.2
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.	have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	0
the act of cracking something.	the act of forcibly taking the opposition	0
the act of raising something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
cause to skip over a surface.	(cause to) happen at a later time	0
lumber used in the construction of something.	a small, indefinite portion of something	0.4
come into the possession of.	be given to, come into the possession of	4.4
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.	Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.	0.2
enclose in or as if in a frame.	place or lay as if in a pile	1.4
the act of applying paint to a surface.	the act of rubbing a surface	0.6
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.	Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	5
the speech act of making something evident.	Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	0.6
the act of referring or consulting.	the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	0
the act of starting something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0.4
the act of putting something somewhere.	the act of putting something to use.	1
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.	meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	0
the act of starting something.	the context or setting in which something takes place	0
the act of breaking something.	the state of being retained	0
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.	cause or become accessible state, make or become available	1.8
remove from memory or existence.	remove from a place or from office	1
the act of raising something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
get or find back; recover the use of.	get or find back; recover	4.6
change toward something smaller or lower.	regard something likely or reasonable to happen	0.2
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.	An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	0
carry out or perform an action.	carry out or complete an activity	4.2
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.	Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	4.4
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.	cause to turn from one course or use to another	0
cause to appear in a new form.	(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	1.6
the act of drawing or hauling something.	the act of harming or hurting someone	0.4
the act of constructing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
draw up an outline or sketch for something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.	(cause to) come apart, separate, or split	1.4
remove from a contest or race.	remove from a place or from office	1.2
narrate or give a detailed account of.	give a detailed account of	4.46666666666667
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of flipping an object into the air	0.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.2
the act of breaking something.	the act of protesting, dissenting	0
the activity of protecting someone or something.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	0
make a mess of or create disorder in.	make an image or sound clearer; put into focus	0
the act of catching an object with the hands.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0.2
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of appraising, critiquing something	1
run at a moderately swift pace.	(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	4.2
assign a new time and place for an event.	pass time in a particular place or way	0.4
give someone credit for something.	(Cause to) be covered with something.	0
the state of being unsure of something.	(The act of making) a measurement of something.	0.4
write all the required information onto a form.	write all the required information	3.8
the act of choosing or selecting.	abrupt state of disbelief about something	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.2
the end or completion of something.	the cause or instigation of something	0
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.	Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.	4.4
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.	a context or situation that hinders or impedes	0
have an argument about something.	Create an electrical short in something.	0
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.	Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.	3.2
be or act in association with.	ascribe or place in association with	3
a strong current of air.	A plant structure near the top of the plant.	0
the act of giving temporary assistance.	the act of rubbing a surface	0
the act of starting something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.4
the amount that can be contained.	Amount that can be contained	5
put in the mind of someone.	rounded end of a bone	0
the condition of living or the state of being alive.	the action of placing or situating an object	0
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.	the act of harming or hurting someone	1.8
administer or bestow, as in small portions.	administer or bestow, as portions	4.5
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.	the assertion of a proposition offered as true	0
the state of being actual or real.	the act of entering a structure	0
the act of ending something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.	An area that is central within some larger region.	4.8
the rate of some repeating event.	reduce the price of something	0
the status or fact of being elected.	An instance or action of being incorrect.	0
the state of being actual or real.	the state of being in working order	0
the state of being connected.	the state of being retained	1.3
a formation of people or things one beside another.	the action of placing or situating an object	1.2
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.	the act of conscripting soldiers for an army	0.4
the act of stopping something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.4
the state of being excluded.	the state of being employed	0.8
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.	have in mind as a plan or purpose	0
the act of hitting vigorously.	the act of protesting, dissenting	0
a body of students who are taught together.	class of students taught together	5
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
something serving as a cover or protection.	Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.	0
the act of making or enacting laws.	the act of cutting off length, snipping off	0
the act of climbing something.	the act of moving, turning something	0
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
move with a thrashing motion.	cover with a primer base	0.2
the act of coming to land after a voyage.	the state of having options, alternatives	0.6
the act of perceiving the odor of something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.8
behave in a certain manner.	behave or move in a certain manner	4
the disadvantage that results from losing something.	the essence or gist of something	0
make ready for action or use.	prepare for/put to action or use	4.4
cause to be interested or curious.	cause to be immersed in	2.2
a unit of military aircraft.	a type of military aircraft	4.4
the act of breaking something.	pass into by penetrating or permeating	2.6
a concentrated example of something.	a boundary area or edge of something	0
the act of designating or identifying something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	4.4
the act of ending something.	The act of beginning something new.	0.6
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.	the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	0
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	unite; merge with something already in existence	0
the act of removing or getting rid of something.	the act of moving, turning something	0.4
the state of being suspected.	the state of being retained	1
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).	the act of governing, administrating	0
the act of making up your mind about something.	the quality of being useful for something	0.4
the act of raising something.	the act of choosing or selecting	0
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.	be in direct physical contact with	5
the act of adding one thing to another.	the place within which an authority has power	0
the greatest possible degree of something.	the foremost part of something	2.6
cover with or as if with a cloak.	mark or cover with or as if with dots	2.8
the act of starting something.	the act of putting something to use.	0.4
something copied or derived from an original.	Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.	0
the general outward appearance of something.	the act of putting a preparation on something.	0
the act of raising something.	the act of advocating or promoting something	2
to cause to separate and go in different directions.	(cause to) separate or move in different directions	4.91666666666667
the path followed by an object moving through space.	the act of putting something to use.	0
a relation that provides the foundation for something.	a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something	0
the act of contacting one thing with another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	0.8
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of preserving or protecting something	0.6
the state of being excluded.	the act of concealing or disguising	0.4
the act of flipping a coin.	the act of applying paint to a surface	0
behave in a certain way.	behave or move in a certain manner	4.2
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.	Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	4.66666666666667
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.	the act of concealing or disguising	0
carry, as on one's back.	Put on cream, as on one's face or body.	0
the visual appearance of something or someone.	supporter, advocate of something or someone	1
contribute to the progress or growth of.	Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	4.85
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.	Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.	0
concentrate on a particular place or spot.	move into and stay in a particular position	2.6
move back and forth or sideways.	(cause to) move back and forth or side to side	4.2
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.	Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	4
the act of climbing something.	state of being unclothed, naked	0
the event of something burning (often destructive).	the noise of something rapping against a surface	0
the act of retaining something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.2
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	4.4
searching for or buying goods or services.	snatching or capturing a freely moving object	0.8
become or cause to become obstructed.	(Cause to) become widely distributed.	0
the speech act of making something evident.	The human act of making something new.	1.26666666666667
show the form or outline of.	trace the form or outline of	4
move through with or as if with a rake.	Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.	0
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.	The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	0
the act of forming or establishing something.	the activity of examining or assessing something	1.2
talk in a tearful manner.	Complain; talk in a tearful manner.	4.4
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.	exist in a certain manner, mode, or style	0
the act of choosing or selecting.	the act of harming or hurting someone	0.4
gather, as of natural products.	glean or gather natural products	4.6
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
make a mark or lines on a surface.	Saturate or inocculate with a substance.	0.2
the act of adding one thing to another.	the act of turning, rotating an object	0
make a mark or lines on a surface.	make tracks on a surface	4.4
the act of hiring something or someone.	the act of putting something to use.	0.8
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.	the identification or the realization of something	0
make ready for action or use.	to make ready, fit out	4
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.	the act of intentionally omitting something	0.8
the act of adding one thing to another.	the act of substituting one thing for another	1.4
vary or move from a fixed point or course.	Cause to move forward with force.	3.8
the amount by which something decreases.	the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	0
move by turning over or rotating.	injure by turning or rotating	1.8
the act of decreasing or reducing something.	the act of forecasting or predicting something	0.6
put into a certain place or abstract location.	cause to be in a state or location	2.2
maintain with or as if with a bet.	protect with or as if with a shield	0.4
the act of raising something.	The human act of making something new.	0.6
the last section of a communication.	the concluding section of a communication	5
the reduction of something's value or worth.	the crown of a flowering plant	0
prefer or wish to do something.	want, desire or perfer to do something	4.6
the act of liberating someone or something.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	0.6
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.	Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	4.4
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.	the act of combining, blending, integrating	0.2
the act of damaging something or someone.	the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	1
the act of damaging something or someone.	the act of harming or hurting someone	3.7
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.	put up with something unpleasant	4.26666666666667
The leaders benefit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let's let them therefore seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.500
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are strong of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.250
The vote will take place at 5.30pm	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.500
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
There was not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
It has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.667
The fishers are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
The vote will take place at 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	5.000
The body must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.000
We are proud often here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.500
(The Parliament adopts legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	4.750
The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	3.750
I belong to the Members who are present rather honourably.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.250
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
It did not not more of the qualified majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	4.333
As I have already explained, at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of Directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.500
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
Amendment No 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
We take pride often here to represent the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.000
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Often we are proud of representing Europe's citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.750
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
I want to say to you that among our allies, there are fervent of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	5.000
I insist on reminding you that among our allies, there are devotees of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
Perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.500
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.750
It has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	5.000
This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.500
Relation Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.250
Thank-You, Mister the Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	4.750
We we take pride often here of representing the european citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.250
It has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	5.000
Perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	5.000
Group must be in equilibrium.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.500
There was not either qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.250
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
The leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.000
I am one of the Members who are rather honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.500
The vote will take place with 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.750
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.800
The leaders profit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.250
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
There was no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
It does not was not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	4.750
Given the leaders today a new chance and thus let the approach.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.250
As I l ' have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.750
Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
We would perhaps then able prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.250
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Mr President, I want to take the protection of workers.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.500
It is our duty to continue supporting Latvia on the question of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	4.500
I am part of Members who are not properly present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	3.000
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
I would like to remind you that our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
We preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.000
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.800
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.800
Van Orden report In particular A5-0241 -- 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	4.500
It is of our duty to continue supporting the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
Mr Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
Mr. President, the Cashman report/ratio can summarize himself in a few words: capacity of the citizens on the bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
The users are the losers, employees, and European competitiveness and growth régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
This regulation point opens the door to the arbitrary one.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointment.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	4.800
It is that the European Union is involved and that it do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.600
I am part of Members who are not properly present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	3.000
Has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.714
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	4.833
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
Mr President, I would like to make the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.000
This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	3.500
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on the bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and growth will regress.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.500
This has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
I am one of those Members who are rather honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.250
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
The leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
Specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.500
I am one of the Members of Parliament who are rather present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	3.750
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.667
Perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.000
It suits that the European Union implies itself and that she do it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.250
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
The occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.500
Mr President, I would like to defend workers in the sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.750
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.200
As I already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.750
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
It is right that the European Union is involved, and for this to be done quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.750
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
We maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.250
As I have already explained in second reading, is at the root of this directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	3.500
Mr President, I hold to the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.500
It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
Maij-Weggen report (5 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	3.000
Thank you, Mister the Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	4.500
Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
On others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.000
As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
It is of our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.800
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
The leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.750
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
We maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Mr President, the report Mr Cashman's can be summarised in a few words: the power of people on the tape.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	3.000
We have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.250
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Mister the President, I am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.000
(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.000
I am part of the parliamentary ones that are rather present honorably.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.000
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.400
We preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.250
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
Van Orden report (5 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	3.400
The fishermen are unemployed, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	4.750
Van Orden report (5 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	3.400
As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.800
Report Maij-Weggen (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.750
The consumers are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the growth European régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
Report Horsebox Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	3.000
Some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.250
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
We ourselves often represent European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.250
Users will be the losers, with employees, and régresseront European competitiveness and growth.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
We maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.500
Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.667
We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
Mr President, the report Cashman can come down in some words: the power of the citizens on officialism.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.500
Mr President, I would like to take the protection of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.500
The vote will place to 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.500
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
The vote will be to 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.500
The European Union itself and do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	3.250
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
Report Maij-Weggen In particular A5-0323 -- 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.750
It is appropriate that the European Union is involved and that it makes it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.750
It did not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
All must be balanced.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.800
We would perhaps then could prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.250
I would remind you that one of our allies, it is very much of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
D 'other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	3.500
This point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.500
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.750
Mister Preside over it, I insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.000
That has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.000
I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
The occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.400
Thank you, Mister Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	4.600
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.833
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in two words: the power of the people on the tape.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.000
We might then have to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	3.714
The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.333
The fishermen inactive, are tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
It is that the European Union is means and that it be done very soon.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.500
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.167
Punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.500
The whole must be balanced.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.250
Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.200
I am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.000
Mister the President, the report Cashman can summarize itself in some words: the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.500
It is that the European Union is involved and that it will soon.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	3.500
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.167
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
It is right that the European Union is it entails, and do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	3.750
Mr President, I want to stand up for workers of this area.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.500
The unit must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.750
We keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	3.250
Norms are barely comparable and even less alienable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	3.250
The leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
Mr. President, I make a point of taking the defense of the workers of this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
We keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	3.250
The report Maij-Weggen, A5-0323/2000 --	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
We we pride often here of representing the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.250
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
This point of Procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
Other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.500
I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of major of tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
The leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
I form part of the members of Parliament who are rather honourably present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.500
We often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.500
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised as follows: the citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	4.500
It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.750
I am anxious to recall you that among our allies, there is fervent of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.250
Punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
I would remind you that our allies, devotees of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
The leaders are today a new chance and thus let.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.000
There did not exist either of majority qualified within this Parliament to return in article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	4.750
The vote will take place at 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	5.000
We are proud often of representing the European citizens here.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.250
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
Report maij-weggen (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.750
Others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.250
, The Parliament adopted the legislative resolution --	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
Specific aid, support or market at grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.500
Support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.500
Punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.833
Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.000
I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
Report Van Orden (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	4.750
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.167
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
That has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
Others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.250
Other divide unfortunately due to a accumulated ill-will.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.250
Other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	3.750
I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.750
The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
Other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulated.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.500
There was not majority qualified within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	4.500
Others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.250
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of the sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.750
The vote will take place on 17: 30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.750
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.714
It has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	5.000
We could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
As I have already explained to us at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.250
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
This is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	5.000
Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.667
All must be balanced.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.800
The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and the growth will regress.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
Others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.333
Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	4.667
The European Union must be involved and do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	5.000
We might then have to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	3.714
Users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and European growth régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.250
This paves the way for the of the Rules of Procedure here.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	1.500
As I have already said in the second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.750
In particular Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
It is important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	5.000
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.167
As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.600
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.714
Tunisia was	Tunisia	3.750
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
The amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
Thank you, Mr Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
It is important that the European Union to be involved and to do it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	5.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.800
Relation Horse-Trailer Orden (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	3.000
The leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.500
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized briefly: the power of the people on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
It is appropriate that the European Union is and what it implies does it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.500
It is our duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian people.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	4.500
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
The standards are to death similar and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.750
It is necessary that the European Union gets involved and that it makes it fast.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	5.000
Has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	5.000
The together must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	3.750
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.833
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
We preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.000
The unity must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.000
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
Mrs Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.750
Users are the losers, with workers and European competitiveness and innovation régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.250
We would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.000
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.800
As I have already explained it in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.800
As I have explained, a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.000
We enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.000
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	5.000
That causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
This point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.750
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.400
It is our duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
The vote will take place at 17h30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	5.000
We could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.714
We might then have to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	3.714
We keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.250
It did not exist either qualified majority in this Parliament to return to article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	4.750
We would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.000
Consumers will be the losers, with workers and competitiveness and growth regress.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.000
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.600
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
We are often here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.750
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
It has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries, to the detriment of the small ones.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.167
The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth regress.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.500
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
I am one of the Members who are rather present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	4.250
We preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.000
Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
It suits that the European Union is implied and that it makesit rapidly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	3.000
We are often here to represent the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	2.750
The fishermen are idle, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Thank you, Mr Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.000
The norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.500
I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of much of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.500
This point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
Mrs Maij-Weggen's report (5 / 2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	2.750
Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.750
This point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	5.000
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
A specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
This Regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.500
The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the European competitiveness and growth will recede.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
We often take pride here in representing the European citizens.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.500
It is of our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	4.750
Thank you, Mister the Police chief.	Thank you, Commissioner.	2.500
Van Orden report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	4.833
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.333
Mister Preside over it, the relation Cashman can amount in some words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	4.750
D ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	3.000
It is of our duty of continuing press Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	4.500
All must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.500
Tunisia	Tunisia	5.000
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.571
Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
I am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	3.500
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	4.167
The leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	5.000
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
(the Parliament adopts the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	4.000
That was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small.	It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	4.750
I am one of those Members who are quite properly here.	I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	3.500
This regulation opens the door to the arbitrary.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.000
As I already explained it in second reading, a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.750
Report/ratio Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	4.750
I make a point of recalling you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.750
The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.400
As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.400
Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.667
Report/ratio Van Orden (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	4.500
Mr President, I should like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.500
The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the European growths will decline.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.500
The whole must be in balance.	There must be a balance as a whole.	4.667
We keep unanimity in the Council, and therefore a latent inability to act.	Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	3.750
The users are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	3.750
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner.	5.000
Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector.	Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	4.667
The norms are scarcely comparable and again less transférables.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.250
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential.	Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	4.250
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
Consumers will be the losers, with employees, and competitiveness and growth régresseront European.	Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	4.750
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	5.000
The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take.	The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	4.500
The rules are comparable only good, let alone.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	3.000
Amendment 7 offers certain modifications in references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
Report Van Orden, A5-0241/2000 --	Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	5.000
This regulation opens the door to arbitrariness.	That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	4.250
It is appropriate that the European Union is implied and that it does it quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.000
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	5.000
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
We would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.250
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.429
Often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	4.250
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable.	The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	4.714
The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	5.000
As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	5.000
As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive.	As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	4.800
It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly.	The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	4.750
Other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment.	Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	4.500
We might have been able to prevent a disaster.	Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	4.250
I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are strong this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.250
It is of our duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the Russian people.	It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	5.000
Vote will take place at 17 h 30.	The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	4.750
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272.	Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	5.000
I hold you recall that our allies, there are enthusiastic about this tax.	Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	4.000
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe.	We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	3.833
Last year it was sought to murder.  	Last year he was wanted for murder.	4.000
Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	5.000
And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
All Europe	A Europe for All	4.667
The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.500
Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	5.000
Only one month before, Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile '.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.500
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
Large Pax Europa of today, just like current prosperity paneuropéenne, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.000
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
Beyond the geographical division, divisions recur locally.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
But can this image survive a continuation of the decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	3.750
But this image can survive a further decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.200
Putin against people	The People Versus Putin	4.500
The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.750
But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.000
The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	5.000
They are for the moment.  	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	0.500
The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment.  	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.500
The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
In other areas, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.750
A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.750
But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium.  	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	3.250
There are many questions.  	The questions are many.	4.750
However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may.  	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	4.250
Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.750
Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political.  	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	3.000
What he has done without the initiative goes very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.400
The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call “the desire of the dollar”) will become only more penetrating.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.500
Last year it was required for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.800
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
The jobs, help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.250
The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
In the absence of a change of associations.  	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	0.500
But this image can survive a further decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.200
The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.667
But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile."	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.250
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	5.000
This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	5.000
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.750
After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.500
The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel ".  	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	2.500
And, also, of his regime.  	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	1.750
But can this image survive a pursuit of decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.750
The politicization of securities market	The Political Stock Market	2.250
The western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	3.750
They are culture, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
It is necessary to find other means.  	Other ways are needed.	4.500
At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
Europe for all	A Europe for All	5.000
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.500
But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
Some are noteworthy results.	Some results are remarkable.	4.800
But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	5.000
What he has done without the initiative goes very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.400
However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
But the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
However, the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2% between the 9 and on May 24.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.750
We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled, one of these recent books against democracy itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	5.000
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.600
At the forefront of these lessons, we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
Some are noteworthy results.	Some results are remarkable.	4.800
They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	4.000
Yet, the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.750
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.600
But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.200
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.500
Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	4.000
Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.000
Other means should be found.	Other ways are needed.	4.600
However, a process of the United States and also within Islam.  	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	2.250
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	4.000
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.  	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	2.750
And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	4.750
And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Each time, radical technological progress off these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	5.000
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
The most important thing is that when interest rates go up, the values of the active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	3.750
Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.250
It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.750
They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.600
The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it, and it particuli�rement is particuli�rement eclipsed by the guide supr�me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	3.750
It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government.  	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.750
A business Chinese influence, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	5.000
Politicization of the securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.250
Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.750
Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products.  	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.250
The politicisation of the securities markets  	The Political Stock Market	2.500
An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	5.000
The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should take account of our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	3.500
Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “futile”.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.250
He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation.  	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
It is necessary to are two different things.  	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	0.250
It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies.  	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Certain results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
But as the European Union itself, and it will build it.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.750
They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.750
After all, they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	5.000
Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins.  	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	2.750
In other areas, the Sharia is imposed.  	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.750
But this picture can survive in a European?  	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	1.750
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
But as the European Union itself, build and happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.500
The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
The jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.750
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.750
But as the European Union itself, this will be built and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.000
The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.  	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution.  	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.500
Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.750
After all, they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	5.000
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really to this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.750
Many questions are.	The questions are many.	4.250
But they are necessary.	But they were necessary.	4.250
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.500
And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing, Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	3.500
The key is that when interest rates are falling, the values of the active.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	2.750
After all, they have policies that take or no consideration.  	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	3.750
The gay and other ‘ modern ’ practices are rejected because nombrilistes.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.500
Europeans of the West, who forgot this history, should take account of our warning statements.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	5.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.750
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	5.000
Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.400
Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.250
Every time, technological progress to fly these threats.  	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.500
Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	4.750
He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.250
Last year it was required for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.800
Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation.  	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.500
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.500
The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it.  	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	4.250
However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Each time, of radical technological progress leave these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.250
Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists, murdered in the course of the past six years.  	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	4.500
The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pénétrante.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.500
People against Putin	The People Versus Putin	4.750
But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.750
Only a month before,, the demands of constitutional reform in the five ".  	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	2.500
The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	3.500
Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.400
Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.250
And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	3.750
Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.750
The people against Putin  	The People Versus Putin	4.750
Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.750
The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.250
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
The politicization of securities markets	The Political Stock Market	2.833
The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei.  	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	5.000
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	4.750
Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.750
After all, they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	3.500
The questions are many.	The questions are many.	5.000
But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	4.750
Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming, will perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.250
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	5.000
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.667
The questions are numerous.	The questions are many.	5.000
Gays and other practices "modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	4.250
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur locally.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
The catch and other practices, because.  	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	0.250
The jobs, in particular, would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	5.000
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
Thought that in the long term, nothing can actually to this trend.  	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.250
In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.  	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.250
And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	3.750
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.600
After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	4.500
He has done, that the initiative not go very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	4.750
Some results.  	Some results are remarkable.	2.000
But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
But from the point of view of the international role was a trap.  	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	3.750
To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
Only a month ago, disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	5.000
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	5.000
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	4.750
But just like the European Union itself, that will be built and that will be done.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.000
Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	5.000
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.250
However, a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	4.750
Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	4.000
What he has done without the initiative goes too far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.000
This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help.	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.500
Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	5.000
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	4.750
But just as the European Union itself, and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	3.750
Putin, also, seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
In other areas, Sharia law is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
What it has done without initiative go very far.  	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	4.750
That leaves the opposition and without any effective response.  	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.000
But this image further decline can survive?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.750
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Some results.	Some results are remarkable.	2.250
The gays and others practical “modern” are rejected, because nombrilists.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.750
The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure, Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	3.500
At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves.  	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.750
A Europe for all	A Europe for All	4.714
The gay and other practices "Modern" are rejected, because nombrilistes.	Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	3.500
The future of Iraq is linked to the country.  	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	3.250
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Employment, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	3.750
Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.000
Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
The first of these lessons, we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.250
In other areas, the charia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	3.750
Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	4.000
What happened the initiative does not go very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.500
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.000
The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	5.000
But like the EU itself, this will be built and this will happen.	But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	4.250
The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’) will only most perceptively.	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	5.000
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
Putin, too, seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.750
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	4.000
It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	5.000
They are uncultivated, poor and sick.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.600
Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies.	It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	4.750
But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	5.000
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself.  	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.500
This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	5.000
Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure, then.  	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	3.500
But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.	But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	4.750
The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally.  	The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	3.500
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.500
The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.250
Big Pax Europe of today, like current prosperity pan-European, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
But this picture can survive a continuing decline?	But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	2.500
In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
President has fewer powers than it appears to be, and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.250
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise.  	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	4.750
They are poor, sick and uncultivated.	They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	4.800
Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.  	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	3.750
We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	5.000
Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
The success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise. "	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.750
Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.200
And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing, not Bernanke.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Other means should be found.	Other ways are needed.	4.600
This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	4.750
What is more, the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions.	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	4.750
Only a month ago, muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile.	Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	4.500
The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of “faintness”.	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	3.250
We must find other ways.	Other ways are needed.	4.400
Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment.	Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	4.500
Putin, too, seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.500
And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	4.000
Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats.	Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	4.333
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
A Europe for all  	A Europe for All	5.000
But they were needed.  	But they were necessary.	5.000
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.750
Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation.	Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	4.750
We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Beyond the geographical division, the divisions recur at local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.000
Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.750
This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.500
The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ".	The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	4.500
To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.250
However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	4.750
Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure, not Bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	4.250
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
Last year it was sought for murder.	Last year he was wanted for murder.	3.600
And, perhaps the most important, the destabilising influence, not then.  	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	2.750
To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
The most important thing, however, is that when the rate of interest, the values.  	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	3.750
Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level.	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	4.200
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned?	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	3.500
Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can really object to this trend.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.000
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response.	This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	5.000
Iraq's future is linked to oil production of the country.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance.	But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	5.000
However, a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam.	Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	5.000
Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime.	Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	4.750
That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.  	None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	4.250
The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it.	Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	5.000
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
What is more, the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions.  	Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	3.250
And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin.	This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	5.000
Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.500
The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	4.500
There are many questions.	The questions are many.	4.800
A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise.	A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	5.000
On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	4.500
The people against Putin	The People Versus Putin	5.000
That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	4.750
Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable.	5.000
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years.	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	4.750
But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	5.000
The former version of the European reaction (the desire called "the desire of the") ”.  	The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	4.000
The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products.	Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	4.750
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not bernanke.	Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	5.000
Beyond the geographical division, at local level.  	More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	3.750
It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.750
The politization of the markets of the transferable securities	The Political Stock Market	2.250
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves.	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	4.500
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government.	Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	4.500
We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.667
To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things.	Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	5.000
In other regions, the sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.250
One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.667
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production.	Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	5.000
In other regions, the Sharia is imposed.	In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	4.750
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity.	What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	5.000
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation.	Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	4.000
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself.	Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	4.500
This tendency goes well beyond simple.  	This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	2.250
It is an implicit but but clearly, the head of State for 24 years.  	This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	3.750
But they were necessary.	But they were necessary.	5.000
However, the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.000
The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	4.750
Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.	A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	4.750
Tocqueville thought that on the long run, nothing can be really opposed to this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	4.500
A couple who have left?  	Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	1.000
However, the Americans have accused that lower 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May.	But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	3.250
What it did without the initiative not going very far.	He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	3.500
Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities	Global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -	0.6
In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say	Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship (Will Movies Get Any Better?)	2.4
Bloomberg: Assault weapons ban is tough sell	#Bloomberg: Assault weapon ban tough sell  Pub. enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor: Big Gulps and #guns. #ocra	3.8
Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency	Car bomb detonates outside #Afghan intelligence agency; casualty toll unclear.	4.2
What's in Feinstein's bill?	What's in Feinstein's gun bill -   #tgdn #pjnet	4
Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade	Linda Greenhouse: Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients' best interests	2.2
Smog cloud blankets Beijing	Special measures for Beijing polution:	2
'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer	SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : "American Taliban" John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison	3.4
Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong	The questions Oprah should've asked Lance Amstrong	2.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Cc  ": At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3
Prospero Gallinari, a Terrorist, Is Dead at 62	Not a tear here: Red Brigades jagoff dies, year older than me, fuck him:	0.8
The 46 Places to Go in 2013	so many places to go...	1
With California Rebounding, Governor Pushes Big Projects	As #California Bounces Back, Governor Calls For Lofty Goals	4.2
Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis	NYTimes: #Leishmaniasis: A #Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease	4.2
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil	Jesus... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil.	4.4
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	So the company mad, isn't this what most companies are doing?	0.4
Obama, Gun Policy and the N.R.A.	Taking Aim  #Stopgunviolence #Congress #NRA	1.6
NRA draws heat for shooting game	#NRA releases target shooting app, hmm wait a sec..	4
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali #Africa #conflict #humanrights	4.8
Piers, guest clash over AR-15s	slams guest over AR-15s	3
World Briefing | Europe: Norway: Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel	A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days.	3.2
Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight	Sex abuse common, but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight	2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Death toll climbs to 220 in #Brazil nightclub fire, official says.	3.2
Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)	(I love him!!!!) 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling -	3.8
U.S. 'tough love' for Afghan troops	U.S. withdrawal is 'tough love' for Afghans	3.6
Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London, 1952, through Beijing, 2013	NYTimes: Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution.	1.5
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT!	3.6
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	NATO: Missile battery opens on Syrian border  this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here.	3.4
What's wrong with the Dreamliner?	What's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner? ". Airlines must be SO happy!	4
Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries	Hopefully not together ": Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries "	4.6
A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish	We will pass a milestone this year: the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild	3.4
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	Design, design, design. ?We?re on the tail end of technology being special,? says John Maeda.	1
Mickelson has a point on taxes	Interesting article on the CNN homepage. "Mickleson has a point on taxes."	4.4
Pictures of the Day: Pakistan and Elsewhere	Pictures of the Day: Pakistan, Syria, Indonesia, Germany, Phillipines and Mali.	3.2
6 ways Vine's six seconds may change Twitter	How #Vine video may change Twitter #in	3.8
?Selected Letters of William Styron?	+1 MT ? "I loathe writing with..a kind of phobia.. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it" Styron	1.2
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	SPORT: MT  Lance Armstrong confesses to doping. Next step? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling.	4.6
Bloomberg gives $1.1B to university	Bloomberg chips in a billion	4
U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia	U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed.	4.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville?	NYTimes: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville, USA?	4.4
Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests, Documents Show	Cardinal Mahony, abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers. So sad and frustrating.	2.6
Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row	"Tennis: Djokovic claims Aussie triumph  ZmerchNews dot Com"	1.6
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station	Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	2
U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia	#US details help in failed #hostage rescue. #Somalia #France	2.6
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great  CNNMoney	4.4
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Internet Activist #AaronSwartz,Creator of #RSS, Is Dead at 26- Suicide. Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much?	3.4
Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity	The truth about publicity...  Bad publicity does exist. #pr #media	4
Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities	#Revolution Hits the #Universities by   #distance #education #sustainability	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali	VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help #Save #Mali	3.8
Talk: Ray Kurzweil Says We?re Going to Live Forever	This is a weird article. "Ray Kurzweil Says We’re Going to Live Forever"	4.4
Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal	Daannngg! ?: Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn?t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ?	1
Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops	Apple makes a $13.1 billion profit, sells 28% more iPhones and 48% more iPads. Stock dips 11%	2.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	When does life begin? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person.	4.6
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	Two years after the Egyptian Revolution... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	3.8
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late, he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials	4.6
This Life: Modifying a Child?s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life	Wait, bribing kids is bad? #notmomoftheyearafterall	1.8
Media Decoder Blog: New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups	#Disney 's new #videogame , via NYTimes: Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney	2.6
Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal	In the Gowanus Canal, a dolphin	4.4
Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast	Senator Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast. His endorsement should settle that issue.	4
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	Producer of popular gun-related videos shot. Every gun death is a tragedy.	4.2
Opinionator: Back When I Was Packing	interesting and sensible	0
?Bodega Clinicas? Draw Interest of Health Officials	Sign of inaccessible, culturally incompetent mainstream care? As ?Bodega Clinicas? Fill Void, Health Officials Are Torn	3.4
Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets	Rome's colorful Colosseum	2.4
Samsung profit soars to $6.6B record	": Samsung profit at record $6.6 billion "	4.8
Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program	Spanish police seize items intended for Iran. Qu? mal rollo...	3.2
Economix Blog: Bruce Bartlett: Accounting for a $1 Trillion Platinum Coin	This is a pretty amazing read. #howstuffworks NYTimes: Coins, Bills and the National Debt	0.8
Urban Athlete: A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor	Fitness Center in a #Hotel Room	1.6
Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot	I'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots.	1.4
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudis defend #SriLankan maid's #execution	4
Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe	The worst kind of poor flying judgement. Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe.	3.6
IHT Rendezvous: The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy	on Hillary Clinton's FP approach	2.2
Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy	An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy #memofromrome #politics	2.6
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Sign of the #apocalypse: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	3.6
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	A really nicely written story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	3.8
CES: Young people are 'born mobile'	CES keynote: Young people today are 'born #mobile'  #hitech	4.2
The New Old Age Blog: What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die	What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs, but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm	2.6
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace	U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER&TELL FRENCH WE'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS.	3
Climate change activists to Obama: Steer clear of Congress	Climate Change at CNN: Next step: Obama's State of the Union speech on February 12....	2.8
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide	3.4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Charlie Brown voice actor charged	4.6
Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers	NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University:	0
Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner	Dreamliner having fitful rollout. How tough is this for Boeing?	2.5
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  The gun industry can't handle the truth.	2.8
India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, India, Police Say	India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, Police Say: Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...	3.8
Photos: Kim Jong Un and his military	#Photos: #KimJongUn and his army forces	5
Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape	Indonesian official: Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they don't	3.4
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	So wait, you think I want to search #Facebook, and use Bing as the back up?  ha.	2
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	ICYMI, Facebook unveiled a new search tool today: "Graph Searchl"	3
'Humanitarian emergency' in Syria	"humanitarian emergency."declared by Aid groups in Syria "	4.4
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	President ? If she wants it	3.4
Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory	They deserve such unkind words.	0
Riff: Once Upon a Time, There Was a Person Who Said, ?Once Upon a Time?	A great piece in the NYT mag on story, lit, and media.	0
Review: Facebook's Graph Search is not very useful	Review: Facebook's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN  "only two of my 526 friends like cats"...say no more	3.8
Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas	Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #Shell at #Davos #energy #marketentry	4.4
By numbers: Women in U.S. military	By the numbers: Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea	3.6
Exotic culinary tours around the world	Try something new on your next vacation.	1.2
Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement	": Britney Spears calls off engagement " loool CNN reports this? Where is this world going?	4.25
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station	Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	2.2
Man charged with murder in doctor's death, source says	Thank goodness. ?: Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor's death. ?	4
Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military, activists say	Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say -	4.2
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	live to eat or eat to live? I take the former.	1.4
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Boosting Your #Flu Shot Response With #Exercise	4.6
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives	Smartphones are lifes remote control -	2.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Er diab... ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3.4
2013 Oscar nods: Who got snubbed?	2013 Oscar nominations: Who got	3
Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran	NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak, links to Daily Beast  #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war	0.8
In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty	Convicted in Thailand of *implying* an insult to the king. ?There was no mention of the king?s name in the speech.?	2.5
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	"Escape from La Crosse" The Preppers Next Door	1.8
Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong?	Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong?  She's not convinced  #Doprah	3.8
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax?	4
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	Morning athletic inspiration (let everyone compete!): Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes  #NYT	2.2
At $1.1 Billion, Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S.	Michael R. Bloomberg credits #JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader	1.2
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	This is ludicrous. Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Really?	3.4
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	Man outsources own job to China	4
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered	3.6
How America's top general came to endorse women in combat	thins just don't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this. Or am I...	0
The front lines in fight for women	you are an #inspiration!  #Keepfighting	0.4
Study Shows College Degree?s Value During Economic Downturn	Study: College-educated weathered downturn best:	2.8
Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies	sadness.": Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies. ”	4
Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses	"Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses" Uh oh...	3.4
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms	Today I learned "Currently, there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime." I am at a loss for words.	0.6
Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss	President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.) Boss	2.4
Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight	Wow. A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight	3.4
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz	Good read...Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz -	4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Finally Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	Great informative article that shows PepsiCo's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first	0.6
From Reagan to Obama, how we have changed as a nation	How the US has changed in my lifetime:	3.8
Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up	The New York Times: Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up	4.8
French rally: No to same-sex marriage	In France, Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage	4.4
Cuomo Raises Nearly $22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign	FOLLOW THE DINERO: Cuomo Raises $22.5 Million for Re-election Bid	4.4
Next Made-in-China Boom: College Graduates	China is investing in #education -  #highered #edpolicy	2.2
Livestrong has life after Lance	Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ?	3.2
Your top 10 flu questions answered	Build a fence around your good health! Your top flu questions answered.	3.6
Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant	Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant  #hipimplant	3.2
'Is there a worse way to live than this?'	'Is there a worse way to live?'  (cc: ) #JIDF	4.2
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	Gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue. Good work,  on your gun reform for a generation  #itsastart	2.2
National Briefing | Southwest: Arizona: Governor Relents on Medicaid	AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid:  #Medicaid	3.6
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Worth reading for the column excerpts: Pauline Phillips, Dear Abby, Dies at 94	4.6
Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China	#Myanmar s Fight With Armed #Rebels Edges Toward China  #burma #kachin	3
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Truly a sad day. At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.4
French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali	US inadvertently trained rebels: French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S.	2.2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Calorie bomb on the menu  will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals	3.4
Facebook's mobile app takes top spot	Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012	3.6
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change	An Alarm in the Offing on #ClimateChange      #ExtremeWeather #globalwarming #eco	4.6
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Syria: Deadly airstrikes in Damascus	4
Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon's Cloud Music	Two of our favorite partners,  and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute.	1.8
NRA draws heat for shooting game	Amazing, you can play violent shooting games &nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game	3.6
Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers	Worth Watching. "Set for Life" Documenting a Generation?s Fall.   #work #unemployment #babyboomer	4
787 Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy'	Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy' -  this a big mess that is not easy.	4
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	NYT Editorial: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us  #research #guns #violence	4
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	Think so? They don't think so!	0
Poetry, Puppets and Playgrounds	Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith's Sunday routine:	0.4
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	Position "eliminated". Hmm. I read "exterminated". Times Executive Is Leaving	2.8
Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89	Mr. Drummond, yep...showing my age: Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	4.2
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudi Arabia defends maid's execution	3.8
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches	"Facebook has a lot of data, but it?s very noisy data."	0.8
Deadly blazes: Nightclub tragedies in recent history	CNN Recent nightclub tragedies: On Saturday, a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l...	2
North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States	North Korea sendin them threats again	3.8
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	We're all human, No MORE DEATH Please! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire, dies to protest Chinese rule	4.2
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity	3.6
Burt Reynolds 'feeling better' but still in ICU, rep says	Prayers for Burt Reynolds	2
'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer	'Taliban' is plural, but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists: .	1.2
Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them	Saudi activists say they won't be silenced~~I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully!	2.4
What to do when doctors don't listen	When doctors don't listen what can you do?	4.6
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	2.2
Restaurant Review: Arlington Club on the Upper East Side	Bending the Steakhouse Rules #food #eatingout	0.8
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs  #law #cdnpoli	3
Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department	'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept. 'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire, such a shame	3.8
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	Internet addiction of the day: 'What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie'	3.4
Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs	Great piece by  in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem:	1
Findings: Positive Procrastination, Not an Oxymoron	On the virtues of procrastination: This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year?s Day	2.2
Why France is not pacifist nation	France: We're not the pacifists you think we are -  Mali	4
Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl	The Bizarre World of Online Relationships: Image of Manti Te'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl	3.8
Washington?s Economic Boom, Financed by You	Washington's Economic Boom, Financed by You  Real life "Hunger Games"	3.8
Opinion: Hypochondria: An Inside Look	Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got Mad Cow disease.	0.4
Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $750 Million	Swatch plays a big hand on $1B Harry Winston acqusition  get it, big hand... #iexplainmyjokes	2.8
States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges	States get extension on #healthexchange timetable: : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges  #ACA #HCR	4.6
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	"Live by the sword ... " Sad and ironic. Producer of popular gun-related videos shot	2.4
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Kobe Bryant, wife to call off divorce  yaayy! lol.	4.6
Obama, Karzai to speed military transition	Excellent!?: #Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #Afghanistan, several months ahead of schedule: ?	2.6
Vincent Sombrotto, Who Led Postal Strike, Dies at 89	obit: Vincent Sombrotto, leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til Nixon sent the National Guard	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	So heartbreaking “: At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. ”	3
News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure "America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate"	3.6
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	This is interesting: "What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us"  .	3.6
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	When i first saw this sing guy on the subway, i thought he needed an article. And NYT has delivered!	2.6
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves	Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt..	3.4
Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings	This just warmed my heart: Ada Bryant and Robert Haire	1.2
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures	#New York City Ties #Doctors? #Income to #Quality of #Care	3.8
Is 'Wild West' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End?	NY Times: Dot Earth Blog: Is 'Wild West' Era for Fracking Coming to an End?	4.6
Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi	Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code! #MS fills #school2prison pipeline reports  grantee .	2.6
The Carpetbagger: 'Fruitvale,' Drama With Little Advance Buzz, Wins at Sundance	Congratulations to #Fruitvale and #BloodBrother! Sounds like #Sundance had some powerful films this year.	1.6
Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline	Sleep, perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline ”	3.8
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	My PBK membership, finally explained. Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades:	2.8
Sharapova takes on Australian boys	Tennis: Sharapova takes on boys	4.2
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	FDA may find that poop is a drug. NYTimes: When Pills Fail, This, er, Option Provides a Cure	1.6
Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions	Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case, Ripe Prose	2.2
DealBook: Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout	Peter Likes: DealBook: Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private	2.8
Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh?s Gamble With Resounding Performance	Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh's Gamble With Playoff Win	4
The Caucus: Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate	Republican Governors Open New Front in #Tax Debate Offering Bold #Solutions!	3.8
The ?Karlie? Is Turning Heads	For the record, I chopped my hair into "The Karlie" before Karlie ; )	1.4
For the U.N. and North Korea: Game On	Familiarize yourselves:  #NorthKorea	1.2
New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas	New mutations discovered in #melanoma  Useful in decoding how it develops.   #cancer	3.6
German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter	Not so good news.... NYTimes: German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter	4.4
U.N.: Stop the suffering in Syria	U.N. agencies: Stop the suffering in Syria  Again. Powerless.	4.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Lessons From Guns and a Goose	Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof: Guns are "an instrument not of protection but of escalation."	1.8
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation	NYTimes: Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs	2.6
Water brings new lows on Great Lakes	New low for water levels in the Great Lakes #Drought	4
Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party	Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile -	3
Tool Kit: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers	NYTimes: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand...	3.4
Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis	Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations.	2.2
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	So, can we just pass the ERA now? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women	4
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves	Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold  #germany #europe #USA	3.2
Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail	“: Secret Service Dog falls to its Death ”😢🐶	4.2
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	*****NYTimes: Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign*****	4.4
GOP balks at gun control proposals	#Obama plan: Tougher checks, no assault weapons -  - from  #guncontrol	1.8
Interior's Ken Salazar stepping down	Ken Salazar leaving  to spend more time with his bolo ties.	3.4
Nike unveils Rory: Tiger's heir apparent	Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger's heir apparent. $200 mil deal?!? Makes no business sense to me.	3.2
Should babies just 'cry it out'?	Should babies be allowed to 'cry it out'? #attachment #parenting	3.6
T Magazine: Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift	Look of The Moment: #TaylorSwift	4.4
NFL: Can Falcons turn it around?	The plight of the Atlanta Falcons	3
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	New York State Has Gun Control Deal, With Focus on Mental Ills	2
?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond	Tribal Lessons -'The World Until Yesterday'	2.8
In his own words: Manti Te'o on girlfriend's death	So. Odd. ?: In his own words: Manti Te'o on his girlfriend, and her death - now revealed to be a hoax: ?	3.8
Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant	J&J was aware of 40% failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants.	3.4
Op-Ed Columnist: Colorado?s Marijuana Muddle	Following #Colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely. Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess	2
Slap Shot: N.H.L.?s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls	NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls	4.2
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking	Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking  ?Let?s go Dutch?? #Gartine	4.2
Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama	Obama must prove himself on Palestine: NYTimes: Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama	4
America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow	America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad?	4.2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	It hurts my stomach.	0
The importance of a 'stop day'	Do you need a "Stop Day"	2.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	4
Recalling Pain of Guns? Toll, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	Will President Obama's gun proposals work?  Recalling Pain, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	2.4
Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison	NYT Books - Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison: ?The River Swimmer,? Ji...	4.6
Grandparents: the new techies?	Baby boomers getting tech savvy:	3.8
Kerry confirmation hearing	v  Kerry says #Iran must come clean on #nuclear program	0.6
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Woah. Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin's contract, which just expired.	4.2
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Awe - one of the original "bloggers" passes away. Pauline Phillips, Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	4.2
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	Don't get any ideas, . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China, surfs cat videos -	4.6
Op-Docs: ?The Long Wait?	Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with #MS: The Long Wait?  #sundance	2
Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu, rep says	This thing reads like one of those pre-written 'death' articles. Creepy.	0
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission:  What do you think?	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	200 dead in night club fire	2.8
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	NYT- Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles	4.6
Theater Review: ?Picnic? at American Airlines Theater	"An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway..."	1.2
Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee	Here's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes.	0.25
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	New York passes gun control bill Interesting, I like that they actually focused on mental health.	3
Miss Montana on her autism	Miss Montana has a great story to tell.  #autism	5
30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal	CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal -	5
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard. I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	2.4
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	": In today?s Gun Challenge editorial, Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform. "	3.2
In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban	In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  I'm not one of them!	3.6
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	And they never wondr WHY!! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	4.4
Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers	Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers	4.4
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	In Oz we love to scoff at US politics, gun laws etc.  Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours.	0
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Paging Orval Faubus: "Oregon sheriff: 'Unconstitutional' gun control laws won't be enforced"  #guncontrol #newtown	3.8
Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season	Golden Globes: How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts?	2
Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists	In #Turkey, mourners protest killings of #Kurds	4.4
Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Europe	Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe  #photography	3.6
An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff?s Immigration Posse: School Patrols	isn?t it sad, that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges	0
Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets	Video: Rome's colorful Collosseum:	2.8
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	What the what?! ?: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	4.6
Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Here we go again.. A man says he's 'certain' he knows where Hoffa is buried.	3.4
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia	Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia	3.6
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	Even thought I've downloaded #Google maps for #iPhone, I'm still using #Apple's built in maps. They're easier to use.	1.4
"Buried Memories" of Katie Beers	Buried Memories talks on   a never before told true story of survival, memory and recovery.	2.4
Coolest green buildings in the Gulf	The Gulf's 'green' buildings  #Amman #CNN	4
N.R.A. Attacks Obama in Video	NYTimes: N.R.A. Attacks Obama & Daughters in Video \ repugnant.	4
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes	Awful. ": More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes "	4.4
Public lashes out at Armstrong	Here is my question, is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better?	1
ArtsBeat: Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion (Whether He Wants It or Not)	The reason Kindles exist: The Onion's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden	2.8
Miami?s Design District Looks for an Upgrade	Info Miami’s Design District Looks for an Upgrade: A proposed $312 million renovation is expected to transform t...	3.4
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali - #Islamism #Sharia	4
Journalists, learn from blogger Sullivan	Journalists, take a hint from Andrew Sullivan -	4.4
The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap	This sweet love story made me weepy. No, really:	0
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	North Korea beats war drums...	3
Rise of Russians in Israel	Russian influence on rise in #Israel	4.2
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs, torn lives in northern Mali	4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Good Grief indeed, Charlie Brown gets arrested	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	“: “: Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. ” incredibly sad” horrifying	3.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column. What a life. NYTimes: Dear Abby Dies at 94	3.2
At Remote Outposts, Border Agents Sift for Clues	In Desert Outposts, Border Agents Keep Watch  #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico	3
IHT Rendezvous: Green Fashion on the Red Carpet	The closest I'll every get to Hollywood: #GreenFashion on the Red Carpet	2
Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test	Again: NYTimes: 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test	4
Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate	Some Daily on Daily crime right here. MT :  on filib. reform?unintelligible:	0.6
Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.	North Korea?s Missile Movements Worry U.S.   THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER	3.8
?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios	We are excited to see what happens!! ?South Park? Creators Start "Important Studios"  #southpark	3.8
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	CNN: Helicopter crash rains debris on London street	3.6
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ?	4.2
Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction	Is Studio 54 like the '60s- if u can remember it, u weren't really there? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54:	2.6
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change	The climate is changing, not in the distant future, but now:	2
Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World	Extreme weather: expect the unexpected	2.6
Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings	Ada Bryant and Robert Haire  You go girl!!	2.4
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	NYT on Aaron Swartz: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	4.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Ignore the headline: more than 220...click on the link for updated via CNN. We're seeing the numbers climb higher...	0.8
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	I'm regretful that it has to come to this for some.	0
WORLD: Green Questions About Greek Growth	scaryyyyy...Questioning Greek Growth	3.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	Tragic news: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	3.6
Dot Earth Blog: Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	You better believe in climate change, it's real! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	4.2
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot	: Popular gun nut* shot dead in own home, NRA thinks he needed more guns	2.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	This is so sad “: 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. ”	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	Former Australian PM says "I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too."	3.4
Op-Ed Contributor: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien S?r	NYTimes: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien Sûr! A free thinker	4.25
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Good grief! Charlie Brown voice actor charged -  #law #legal	4.6
Well: Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking	SL Putting a Number on Smoking's Toll	3.4
Op-Ed Contributor: Racial Politics and Miss America	Is it a coincidence the most Miss America's come from the South?	2.6
Britain risks new recession	Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession  CNNMoney	3.4
'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital	Million Man March; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan-   #TahirulQadri #14Jan	1.8
America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow	America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow -  Good Luck Saudi :)	4.4
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts	French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech	3
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	"Not all smoothies are created equal!"	0.6
Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients	US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT	3.2
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil	NYTimes: 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil (locked security doors and band pyrotechnics)	3.6
Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers	v?a  Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C.?s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers	3.8
Op-Ed Contributor: Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China	IHT: Xiao Shu, former journalist at Southern Weekend, gives insider take on iron grip of censorship.	1.4
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	#Wtf it happened again. Police: 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #India -	2.6
The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad?	#Youth: The  wants to know: "Does #Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y?" Share HERE	3.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Da CNN: ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update'	3
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland	Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland	4.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Dear Abby, Dies at 94 . Dear Abby: Are birth control pills deductible? Bertie Dear Bertie: Only if they don?t work.	2.8
?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond	Jared Diamond book worth reading? "The World Until Yesterday"	3.8
Social media make us more honest	#Socialmedia makes folks more honest, says #Cornell prof #Facebook #LinkedIn	4.4
World's best place for water rafting?	World's best white-water rafting?  geekkenya	3.2
Casey Anthony convictions thrown out	Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out.	3.4
Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy	Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for	0.75
Online courses need human element to educate	on the need for humanity in online learning.	3.8
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	Weird, just the voice? ": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. "	4
Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade	Opinionator: Misconceptions(Linda Greenhouse)	2.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Frum: U.S. gun problem is not a race problem (must read)	4.4
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts	Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France #Twitter	0.2
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures	Goed initiatief, inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen#New York City Ties Doctors? Income to Quality of Care	2.8
The 6th Floor Blog: Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz's Experiment with Images	Art meets technology before tragedy: photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times	3
In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul	Wow, what a story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	4
Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great	3.4
Your Money: A Shocking Death, a Financial Lesson and Help for Others	Death is bad enough:	0.2
Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads	"Husbands of Hollywood"??gender-flipped satire of reality TV...& subtle commentary on limited options for black actors.	3.8
President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it	President Hillary! There are few things I would like more!	1.8
Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior	NYT, "Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls [Burrowing] Behavior [and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made]"	3.2
Social media make us more honest	": Social media making us more honest?  talks to  "	4.4
Opinionator | The Stone: What is a 'Hacktivist'?	Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse. Labels are powerful.	0
Public lashes out at Armstrong	Public takes its shots at Armstrong--What do you guys think of Armstrong's doping?	4
After threats against U.S., North Korea turns ire to South	After U.S. threat, North Korea turns ire on South  #military #SKorea #NKorea #US #politics	4
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms	Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons:	3.4
Win for Anthony and for Knicks	NYTimes: Victory for Anthony and for Knicks	4.8
Video shows fiery copter wreckage	The Mexican gun-tablet exchange...	0
Cond? Nast Contracts Cut Author?s Share in Film Deals	From : Cond? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute  #CondeNast	3.4
Photos: Fires across Australia	Fires threaten parts of Australia -	2.8
Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'	Feel good morning read! :) Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	3.8
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot?s Potency  #flushot #exercise #health	4.8
Bits Blog: A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away	The telecom industry just took away our rights. As of today, it's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier	3.6
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes	Awesome! #Republicans can't win on their ideas so they will change the rules!?	0.8
Well: Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis	77% of Americans use search to find diagnosis.  ?: Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ?	3.2
DealBook: Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky	The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech #dealbook	4.2
Should babies just 'cry it out'?	Should babies be left to "cry it out?"...	4.6
The Cautious Calls of John Fox	Interesting perspective on #Broncos playcalling -	2
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling	Rivals watch as Shell's #Arctic drilling hopes hit snags.  $RDS.A #Alaska #KeystoneXL #oil #politics	3.6
At War Blog: Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks	Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks  I learned something new today!!!	4
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence  nytimes or the onion article? can't tell	4.2
ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop?s ASAP Rocky	Interesting article. ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop's ASAP Rocky	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	they were so young :( #SantaMaria #tragedyinthenightclub	2.2
Architect to build home using 3-D printer	An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer. I knew those things would come in handy.	3.8
ArtsBeat: Q. and A.: Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection 'The Miniature Wife'	TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales: Manuel Gonzales Talks About 'The Miniature Wife': Mr. Gonzales's first colle...	3.8
The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School?	Philly high schoolers, join the conversation. : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School?	3.8
More lives being saved: Cancer death rates drop 20%	some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20%...	4.8
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Apparently a Suicide	0.4
Weekend Miser: ?Making Room,? at Museum of the City of New York	This is an inspiring exhibition. The way to the future. ?Making Room? in the City	3.4
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames	Jeanne Vertefeuille, who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames, died recently.	3.8
'Universal background check': What does it mean?	Wait, what?! - 'Universal background checks' defined	5
News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	Our Economic Pickle: America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	4.6
Beheading: Inhuman and illegal?	Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers: Saudi execution: Brutal, inhuman and illegal? - CNN  #p2 #p21 #tcot #ccot	2.8
Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans	Reading: How to Get America Online  via	2.4
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart	3.8
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	What's so wrong with researching it? What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us	3.8
Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director	Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet,  with all the details:	4.4
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	#Java compromised take necessary action	2.4
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	#Morsi: "Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them: for Zionists, for Jews"	2.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	NYTimes:Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated, organized and professionalized? in history	4
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	Lean in Sisters....NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss	3.8
Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends	Pakistan bomb victims' families end protest	2.6
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes	This could play out very interesting....	0
Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast	Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense  Good news!	2
N.Y./Region: Geechie Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	2.4
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign  #itsecurity #cyberspy	3.8
A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in New Orleans	Great NY Times article: “: “: A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in #NewOrleans	4.4
Staying Alive: Why I'm Looking for a New Bank	Great article &comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank.	1.8
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	PUT UP YOUR NUKES [dukes]! "North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S."   jacques	2
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Calorie bomb disasters on the menu	3
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	ICYMI:"As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics"	3.75
Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	If uv not seen #Crazy #Love, u should. NYTimes: Linda Riss #Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	4.4
Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki: Hand over soldiers behind shootings or 'face losses'	Question is: Does this mean Civil War? Probably not. But still not a good situation #Iraq	0.6
Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race	Couldn't agree more with the facts here:	0
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	Interesting article for parents who support their college kids: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	3.2
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	New York's Cuomo signs gun control bill. 1 down 49 to go!	3.4
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes	SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes	4.2
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	WTF India?!!  This has got to stop.	0.8
'Bounty hunter' battles FIFA on Facebook	CNN Soccer's 'bounty hunter' takes on FIFA: A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta...	3.6
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	Dey stay preppin'... The Preppers Next Door	2
Boy given pot to manage his autism	Family uses pot to manage son's autism... Wow	5
Arts | Long Island: ?Attack of the Bloodsuckers!? at the Long Island Children?s Museum	“Long Island: ‘Attack of the Bloodsuckers!’ at the Long Island Children’s Museum ”  if you want to scare leo	4.2
Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again	a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again, bravo	0
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz	Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what's best about the Net.	3.2
Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground	Female Directors Gain Ground, Slowly  The storyteller?s gender matters.	3.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	wtf?? » ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.2
Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park	#Cosmos Unveil Plan for #Soccer Stadium Near #BelmontPark  #NYS #NY #LongIsland #EconDev	4.4
Lives: We Were Joy Division	Theme? Ppl trying to sell stuff that's not theirs...  cc:  #JoyDivision #music	0.2
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives	NYTimes: Smartphones Become Life?s Remote Control --- amazing	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Breaks my heart ": 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. "	3.2
Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali	op-ed - Why We Must Help Save #Mali  #Africa #HelpMali	4.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Omg. At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.4
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	Another GangRape in India! WTF! :( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India -	3.2
Police: YouTube leads to pot bust	Social media can be a friend or foe but it doesn't raise your IQ -  - Police: YouTube videos lead to pot bust	3.4
Venezuela: Chavez is improving	He's dead! ?: Venezuela says Hugo Chavez's condition is improving ?	3.8
Recipes for Health: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health	NYTimes: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata	4.4
Exotic culinary tours around the world	Salivating! ?: Exotic culinary tours from around world ?	4.4
Cycling: Armstrong apologizes to staff	"Still own a Livestrong bracelet? Tell us about it." (CNN)	1.2
Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench	Leave it to a lawyer from #Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence.	3
U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos	#coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit, gets fired.	2.2
Africa's top 5 stories this week	Africa: The Top 5 stories of the week are ... -	5
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax	Awkward! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim	4.8
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	When Pills Fail, This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff	1.8
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Dear Abby, we miss you already. How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit! "Dear Abby, Dies at 94"	3.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause  #AaronSwartz #MITfail #badbranding	4.6
How all-American hero fell to earth	How an all-American hero fell to earth - . (Where have all the REAL heroes gone?)	4.2
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule	Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest. Again.	3.2
Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race	More accurate (albeit less catchy) title would be "India is 2nd place" not "losing", but still interesting:	2.2
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames	Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy, Dies at 80	3.8
?Propaganda? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes: ‘Propaganda’ by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	3.6
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence	Families of #Newtown Victims Look for Answers on #Gun Violence  #NRA	3
Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Really? Man says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	4
Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans	NYTimes: How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by  on regulating the big ISPs	1.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Time to ban nighclubs.	1.2
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	'here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie' & get unlimited on-set access: superb journalism.	3
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea	North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South  #North #South #Korea #UN #sanctions #war #R2PH	4.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	In complete shock! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	4.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	Armstrong's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true.	2.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	This is what happened in Brazil if you don't know x	1.2
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	Although Truth is a the higher standard...: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission	4.2
F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s	NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s	3.2
Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement	Aww  ?: Britney Spears calls off engagement ?	4.4
Parenting.com's top baby names	The top baby names of 2013 -   (gee, my name is not on there ;o))) )	1.4
Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness	This shouldn't be the problem that it is. Ready-set-go. NYTimes: As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics	3.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Damn smh ": Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. "	3.2
ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action series	Could it be good? Sounds intriguing... ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action TV series -	4
Online courses need human element to educate	Online courses still need a human element...	4.6
'Enough is enough,' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban	Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent? #pols1101	1.8
Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy	The history of temp agencies: Using the sexism of the '60s to expand "right under the noses of powerful labor unions."	1
Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm	great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy	3.2
Media Decoder Blog: Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'GMA'	Amen! ": Good news .... My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'Good Morning America' "	4.2
Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town?	Who stole precious relics from Mo. church?	5
'Fireflies' to scope out space rocks for mining	Firefly: 2015 is happening...... as a NASA mining vessel. #fireflyreturnskinda	2.2
Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack	Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali, reports say -	1
Paul Theroux?s Travel Wish List	I wish I could be this man #PaulTheroux My #Travel Wish List  via	3.6
Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike, With Thermals and Fleece	40 Miles to Work, on a Bike:  -- Incredible!	4.2
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight	Oh so clever,  weighs in on #obesity fight	2.4
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes	The entrusted Muslim brotherhood	0
The importance of a 'stop day'	I need a 'stop day' in my life.  #CNN	2.8
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	Great piece by  "The gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in Syria" -	3.4
Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire	Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire  via Talmud Blog	3.4
The Lede Blog: Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te'o	Highlights From Katie Couric's Interview With Manti Te'o	4.6
App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart	Apps to help you ski:  via NY Times	2.8
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	2.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	nsfw ?: Best obit opening I've read in a long time. Dear Abby Dies at 94 ?	2.8
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far...The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	2.6
Motherlode Blog: An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss, Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet, and Wrote a Book About It.	I'd like to read this. MT : Interview with DL Weiss, Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It.	4.4
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling	NYT botches description of "crushed beer can" fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell's Arctic troubles	0.6
The Doomsday Preppers of New York	The Preppers Next Door  Who wants to join MY group?	1.8
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Driven by a need to compete or remorse?  Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	3.4
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Good for him.	3.8
Forms at the doctor's just got fun	Love this--Forms at the doctor's office just got fun -	4.8
Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery	Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB  (via Instapaper)	3
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	setting the bar, good move! "Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job"	4
Strategies: Apple Stock Isn?t a Bellwether, Even if It?s Big	NYTimes: Apple May Be Big, but It Isn’t a Bellwether (my column)	4.2
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Schrecklich! 😢 “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	2.8
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches	Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal?	4
Activist gets 10 years for king insult	What is the price of insulting the #king in #Thailand? 10 years in #prison for #activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk	3.2
Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws	Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws He's 1 black guy, they r US laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia&racism	2.2
Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data	Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research, Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care	2.2
ArtsBeat: 'Mad Men' Set to Return on April 7	NYTimes: ?Mad Men? Set to Return on April 7. Excellent news.	4.6
Greek FM: Small chance of euro exit	Greek FM: Small chance Greece leaves EU	4.6
The front lines in fight for women	'Dad, it's only my books I am friends with.'   #Malala #womenonthefrontline	1.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	lovely tribute, her responses to readers' qtns priceless. Read bacon frying and you could move. Dear Abby Dies at 94	3.8
Country with freest economy is...	Which country has most economic freedom?  #economy #economics	4.6
'4-hour' work guru on outsourcer	'4-hour' work guru on China outsourcer: Bad karma - CNN International	3.6
The Choice Blog: Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa	Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the #FAFSA #finaid #scchat	4.6
Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines	Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades.	1.75
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	Finally a little RESPECT for Vets! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	": Breaking: 250 killed, 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno. " Crazy	3
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope	"Pray for Me". Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope	3.2
Q. and A.: With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline	John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline.  #music	4.4
Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?	An rising star on London's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden	2.8
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie	Casting: Lindsay Lohan, careening debt and porn stars. What could go wrong? What Happens When You Hire LL.	2.6
Saudis defend maid's beheading	Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid's execution  #p2 #tcot	4
Winfrey?s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through	HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he'll use whoevr2bring it?Winfrey's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through	3.8
Op-Ed Contributor: How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds	A MUST READ! by ! How #Turkey Can Make Peace With the #Kurds	4.2
Making It Last: Conservative Meets Liberal, and 40-Year Marriage Begins	Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage, and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier	2.25
French Say Airstrikes in Mali ?Blocked? Rebel Advance	What exactly is going on in Mali?  @	1.6
The new 'Bradys' of gun control?	Gabby and Mark: The new Bradys of gun control #TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM	3.4
NRA's video game hypocrisy	NRA's video game smacks of hypocrisy #NRA #guncontrol	4.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Frum: #US. #gun problem is not a race problem	4.6
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	All from a kid starting an online petition. NYTimes: PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	4.2
Pacino to Play Paterno in Film	Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma's tentatively entitled film "Happy Valley"  #sportsbiz	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Source say at least 150 ": At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. "	3.6
Opinion: Darwin Was Wrong About Dating	NYTimes: Debunking Darwin. Was He Wrong About Dating? #sex #gender	3.8
You're the Boss Blog: More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees	From the She Owns It business group... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees	3.6
Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines	Well, at least we know the slides work now.	0
Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us	NYTimes: What We Don’t Know Is Killing Us -Couldn't agree more! e.g., research on IPV homicides & guns is critical.	3.4
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings	BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd	2.6
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	The deadly toll of cluster bombs in #Syria	3
Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us'	! pay it forward - Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	4.4
Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village	Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times: ?I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ?Hollywood Jack??	1
In the Garden: Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap	Flowers in winter?  Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials.	1.8
Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws	Go #Obama. Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns	4.2
Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister	Is #Pakistan becoming "#SouthAsia's #Dreamliner"? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf	4.2
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the #iPhone #HealthIT #hcsm	4
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest. #MisspentYouth	0
A 20-Something?s Web Site for Women Over 40	A Generation Gap? Not on This Web Site (Harvard Business School)	1
Eddie Huang Defies Description	Eddie Huang in the NY Times. i vibe this dude so hard	1.6
A more equal military? Bring back draft	Rangel: More equal military? Bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military	3.8
France vows to halt Mali jihadists	France confronts Mali jihadists	3.4
The Choice Blog: Lessons From a College Student: Finding Your Fit on Campus	The amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming! Choose carefully before dedicating your time:	3
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S.	Lol..errm.."test" on the U.S. of A.? #damn!: North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S.: ?	3
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern	#Morsi ?s Slurs Against #Jews Stir Concern  Does any one in #Obama 's administration know how to read #English?	3.6
Vine is Twitter's attempt to become the 'Instagram of video'	"Vine is Twitter's attempt to be the Instagram of Video," Form a nerdier sentence. Don't try! Its Impossible!	4
Sanford, Ex-Governor of South Carolina, to Run for Congress	Mark Sanford, the ex-Governor of South Carolina & "Hiking the Appalachian Trail", to Run for Congress	4
The 46 Places to Go in 2013	Where to Go in 2013 by !   offers insightful explorations to most of these!	3.2
Parenting.com's top baby names	peter is not in the top ten but mo, bertie and gus are?: "The top baby names of 2013"	1.6
Gun Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack at Queens School	NYTimes: #Queens #School Is Locked Down After #Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack  is there no end?	4
Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89	What choo talkin' bout Mr. D......RIP Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	4.6
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	Facebook unveils new search tool:	4.8
Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform	#GunReform for a Generation	2.2
Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda?s Role	Is it me, or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar? In Ads, Coke Confronts Soda?s Link to Obesity	3.8
High & Low Finance: Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy	Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy	4.2
Williams Starts Strong, but Nets Don?t Follow in Loss to Rockets	Williams Starts Fast, but Pace Suits Rockets	3.6
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie	QUEBRA TUDO!!! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ‘Star Wars’ Movie	4.8
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	WOW:  announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions. They anticipate 100k+ hires:	2.8
In Britain, Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell	In Britain, Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB,THEY GOT "FOOTBALL"2 KEEP THEM BORED.	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire " Kropp left that country in the nick of time.	2.8
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking	dutch automat  Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking	3.4
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia	Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia  omg!	3
News Analysis: Military Tribunals and International War Crimes	Who Decides the Laws of War?  It belongs in civilian courts.	1
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News	4.4
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws	New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills	2.4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	Lance Armstrong [Finally] Admits Doping, Says He Will Testify	4
Hong Kong takes Internet speed title	Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps.	3.8
Victim's son: It was a hate crime	Where is justice? 'They ran him over because he was black'	1.2
Doctor and Patient: When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring	reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again.	3
Sheen wants to return to 'Two and a Half Men'	Sheen wants to return to '2.5 Men' but has his past image ruined that? #coePR205	3.8
Challenges of being woman in India	Good Read: Challenges for Women in India:	4.2
Richard G. Stern, a Writers? Writer, Is Dead at 84	NYTimes: Richard G. Stern, Writers? Writer, Dies at 84 Big loss	4
Opinion: TV, The Thinking Person?s Entertainment of Choice	Fantastic read from  on imprtnce of narratives: "...stories, not algorithms, give order to our hectic world."	0
IHT Rendezvous: 2012: The Year of Extreme Weather	"2012: The Year of Extreme #Weather" :  #ClimateChange #Drought #NationalClimateAssessment #GlobalChangeResearch	4
Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign	La vision am?ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign	3
A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew	Sweet, sweet story. NYTimes: A Doll?s Magic, Free to Renew	3.8
A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It	A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER -	4.6
Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly	" (UK fave) "Mate, why don't skip killing people night? It's too cold." -NYC murderers in last 9 days	3.2
Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection	Take that Texas. White House Rejects Petitions to Secede, but Texans Fight On	3.8
New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations	No Deal on Teacher's Union Evaluations; NYC Risks Losing $450 Million	1.4
A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It	Interesting perspective... NYTimes: A New Housing Boom? Don’t Count on It	4.2
Working behind China's 'Great Firewall'	Battle behind China's 'Firewall'	3.75
The Lede Blog: Live Updates on Armstrong's Oprah Interview	NYTimes: Analysis of Armstrong?s Interview With Winfrey it's shame (but we know it) #congrutalionlance	3.6
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus	Too many s*tty men in India: another gang rape	2.8
Booze saves puppy's life	Vodka is saving lives! Well, a puppy's life...	4.2
U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears	jl #NYT: U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody  #p2 #topprog	3
T Magazine: Street Style from the Couture in Paris	Loving the street style from the #Couture in #Paris #Fashion	4
Give Lance another chance?	asked many people (including yours truly) if #LanceArmstrong deserves another chance. Interesting views	3.2
Today's photo: Thai temple	Travel photos that you wish you had taken -	1.2
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	#Pentagon to lift combat ban for women... How about banning combat for men??	3.2
The Carpetbagger: Doing Good (and Burnishing Images, Too)	Doing Good (and Burnishing Images Too)  #celebrity #charity	3.8
Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank	Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions	3.6
Well Pets: Holly the Cat's Incredible Journey	'Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners,' and more in this cat story.	2
Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth	Union membership falls to 97-year low, 11.3%. People will still find ways to blame them for everything.	1.6
Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Who spends so much money on food? That's so retarded :) The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	1.8
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	3.25
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition	#Google Gains From Creating Apps for #iPhone. Google Maps is #1 #App.	3.2
Disruptions: U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem	Get it together Sun (#Oracle)! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java. #CyberSecurity	3.4
Acid attack on Russia ballet director	unreal ?: If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director. ?	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Tragic. My thoughts and prayers go out to all..."At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire"	3.2
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	Potentially explosive legal battle: Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	3.8
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines	Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins: Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines,...	4
Hanging On: In Debt, and Digging Deeper to Find Relief	Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making.	2.2
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	Holy crap! :( "2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London"	3.6
American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice	U.S. single-malt #whiskey has arrived	3.2
Allergy bullying: When food is a weapon	Allergy-bullying? Apparently this is a real problem.	3
World awaits Oprah's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything?	World awaits Oprah's Armstrong interview not me I'm not watching	3.6
America flunks its health exam	Homicide #2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns	0
A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew	A Library doll is loaned out to children:	1.8
Senate key to fixing Washington	Senate holds key to fixing Washington -   thanks for that insight Ari #p2 #tcot	4.4
Cuba limits travel for athletes, workers	#Cuba restricts travel for 'skilled' people	3
What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending?	what is driving our growth in government spending #facts	4
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula	It's a start! Kudos to this kid!!! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	3.8
Reform is a long shot in current Congress	Obama-backed gun bills a long shot. "This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on."	0.4
5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings	Beyond the media's coverage of her emotions, #Clinton put out good info: Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings	3.6
Why France is not pacifist nation	2#France: We're not the pacifists you think	4.2
FiveThirtyEight: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats	Change the rules = Prez Romney: “: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats ”	3
Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads	As Seen on TV! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture	0.6
Fear, confusion in Algerian hostage crisis	: Report: 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces	2
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Pray they'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant, wife calling off divorce -	4.2
Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali	Harrowing stories: Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali	4.2
Slap Shot: N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday	#NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday  #ABASAL #Antitrust	4.8
How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers	Over 50, and Under No Illusions  Over 50? Invent yourself everyday!	1
A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon?s Partisan Book Reviews	The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil? NYTimes: Swarming a Book Online	0.6
6 trends from CES 2013	Cool stuff: 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 -	4.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire. :(	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire.	3.8
Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions	Ouch, possibly? “: NYTimes: Japan’s Business Culture Hovers Over Boeing’s Battery Choice ”	2
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	What a loss of a great & inspirational mind! Internet Activist, a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide	3.4
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	It's Jail Time, Charlie Brown	3
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	At long last, the truth... Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	I am calling BS!!! NYTimes: Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	4.2
App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart	If you're a skier or snow-boarder, you'll dig these: On Snowy Slopes, Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen.	1.2
Was Obama's historic speech divisive?	David Gergen says Obama's 2nd inaugural will deepen division.  #Didn'tSeeItComing	2.4
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs	Please Read: 's  piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #Syria:	3
How Facebook's Graph Search could disrupt online dating	#CSIS388_Dave Facebook disrupting online dating	3.6
U.S. steps up involvement in Mali	U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp#pppj##p#pl###p###p	4.2
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.  One of the only things I would agree with Howard on.	1.8
Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal	So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network. - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal	3.4
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	NYTimes: She’s (Rarely) the Boss smart, as usual	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Wow": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.4
Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing	Hot #Luxury news: Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land? , see more	4.6
America's gun problem is not a race problem	Everyone should read 's CNN column from today:	0
Police, protesters clash in Pakistan	#BREAKING: #Police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #Pakistan's government -	4
Egypt's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial	Mubarak goes to jail	1.2
What?s in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	Honestly where are people's rights being ruined in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	3.6
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	This is odd! tsk! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	4.2
Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals	Great to have  in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President's push for gun control.	2
Op-Ed Columnist: The Point of Lance Armstrong	The classic American fame and blame game. The Point of Lance	3.2
Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row	#Djokovic sets sights on #Paris party	2.4
Pakistan?s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation	#Pakistan’s Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry	4
The Neediest Cases: After Foster Care, Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters	Kinship care & siblings: After #FosterCare Yrs, a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters	4.4
GOP balks at gun control proposals	Looks like we could get something right	0
The TV Watch: Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes	You should read this: The Lifting of a Veil, Discreetly	4
Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty?	Interesting Piece! Being Bin Laden  #films #zerodarkthirty	3.2
Piers, guest clash over AR-15s	U ds boi ehn": Piers slams guest over AR-15s "	4.2
For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem	Bad tweet (news) of the day": For Rape Victims in India,Police r Often Part of Problem reports "	4.8
Movie Review: ?Gangster Squad? With Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone	These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing	0
Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic	Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #Zeman #CzechRepublic	2.4
How to get 10 million followers on Twitter	Artley: Getting 10 million Twitter followers	4
Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy	hmmm she's filing for bankruptcy..	2.8
IHT Rendezvous: Mali Need Not Be France's Afghanistan	#Mali Need Not Be France?s Afghanistan	4
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings	War on Evil? War on Sociopaths? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff.	1
China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis	be safe. i've heard on the news about china's air pollution that is terrible	1.2
Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero	A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo	4.4
D. Brainerd Holmes, Top NASA Official, Dies at 91	NYTimes: D. Brainerd Holmes, a Leader in Space Race, Dies at 91	3.6
House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims	179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for #Sandy Victims	3.8
On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending	Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change.	1
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat	NYT Most Emailed: Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles: The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199...	4.4
Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl	It is laughable to believe the whole story, they never met? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te?o Swirl	3
John Sheardown, Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	Who'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian? NYT: Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	3.6
'Vampire Diaries' spinoff pilot coming to The CW	'Vampire Diaries' spinoff coming to The CW, it's based in Nola!	4.4
The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin	Poor creature MT  Amid 2d-guessing, marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal.	3.6
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes	CNN: Egypt clashes: A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe...	0.8
Lance's classic quotes	lance armstrong quotes, pure gold	4
Gas prices tick up slightly	Gas prices creep up a bit	5
Straight Sets: Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	Indian Star (Sania Mirza) Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	3.8
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence	Parent is defined as a point of origin. I'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben. Not by a very long measure	0.8
Facebook introduces 'Graph Search'	New #Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile (phew!) - rather a new feature, #GraphSearch.	3.4
The Carpetbagger: Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't Say)	Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't) Say  Gotta be honest: I had not idea what she was saying. #goldenglobes	4
Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide.	3.4
New York Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals	MT : NY Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals  \\ the importance of disaster OM	4.6
Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds	a case when you might want to take someone else's shit...	0
Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals	Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling. NYTimes: Looking Upstream in Doping Cases	3.2
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans	#Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any #Veteran Who Wants a #Job	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	awful way to go out...": At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	3.4
The importance of a 'stop day'	The importance of taking a day off	4.4
Study: More to Meal Delivery Than Food	Care of the Elderly: the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels.	2
Opinion: Our Talking, Walking Objects	NYTimes: Talking, Walking Objects (this is a fantasy world for geeky me)	3.6
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4
Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials	What a dope(r)... NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	4.2
'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital	'Million Man March' Threatens #Pakistan Capital - CNN,	4.2
?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios	This is gonna be fantastic for entertainment:	0.2
Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged	": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. " Please tell me he said good grief...	4.2
French court: Twitter must identify racist users	, is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist, anti-Semitic posters,  via	3
Ask Well: Do I Need a Flu Shot if I've Had the Flu?	Flu season is here, let's clear something up: "Do I Need a Flu Shot if I?ve Had the Flu?"	4.6
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	Kobe Bryant, wife say they are calling off #divorce -	5
Clinton: We can make a difference	Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service	1.6
Opinionator | Schooling: The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet	Did you read the  #Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers? Liza Lee was interviewed.  #edchat	3
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	MT  Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance	2
Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!)	uhhhh 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling yummie	3.8
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch	Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch (from )	4.6
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	NYTimes: GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby.	2.2
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation	Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing:	2.8
Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest	Florida's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest. - ...	4
Media Decoder Blog: Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago	Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to #Chicago  Love it. Great call & Congrats	4.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	180! “: At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”	3.4
Strategies: In Investing, at Least, It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie	Are you better off "playing for a tie" in #investing:	4
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise	4.2
Op-Ed Columnist: For Obama?s Second Term, Start Here	For Obama?s New Term, Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT	4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Worst nightmare! ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	3.4
Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs	Anyone tried this?? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs	4.4
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour	Damn, maybe I shouldn't be so sanguine about the London fog:	1
New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike	#NYC school bus drivers go on strike  NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime	3
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	How about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	2.8
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	Good Read. Agree - Mostly ": Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades  "	3.6
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie	J.J. Abrams set to direct ?Star Wars: Episode VII?	4.2
Teacher talks armed student into giving up, police say	To face someone that already shot a student.. ": I'm no hero, says teacher who talked down armed student. "	3.4
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	() Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world. #FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire.	1.6
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways	Tea Party Unhappy. Fox News Fires Sarah #Palin	3.6
The Pour: In Describing Wines, 5 Words Not to Fear	on point...5 Wine Words Not to Fear	4.2
In Quebec, a Winter Celebration on Skis	See also: NYTimes: In Quebec, a Celebration on Skis	5
Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person	Life begins at conception, unless cas is involved.	1.2
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea	This would be a very, very bad idea DPRK. North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions:	3.4
In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban	In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  hmmmmmmmm . . . .	3.4
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting	About damn time!!! New York governor signs nation's first gun-control bill since Newtown -	4.2
Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight	Unemployment in #Spain Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight...	5
Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops	Timothy Cook, Apple?s CEO, said the pipeline of products was ?chock-full.? ?We feel great about what we have in store?	0.6
Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool	Read that Facebook has launched a new tool () to search its huge database of social graph data.	3.4
Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause	Don't know why I can't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	4
ArtsBeat: Second Stage Theater Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	I wish I could see this, it sounds cool! Second Stage Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	3.8
Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	NYTimes: #LindaRissPugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75  #crazylove	4.4
In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say	3D version of ?Top Gun? was rejected by #China's censors. The line "religion is darkness' in "Life of Pi" gt the X too	1
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce	.  Kobe just saved about $100 Mil	1.6
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving	NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry's few good spokespeople.	3.6
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire	RIP I have no words :( At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire -	3.8
Property Values: Real Estate for $1.6 Million	Property Values: What You Get for ... $1.6 Million	4.4
Either With Him or Against Him	#Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by  in the NYTimes	0
India?s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women?s Perils	India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards??	2.6
9 calorie bombs at restaurants	Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants!!!	1
U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote	#Britain’s Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on #EuropeanUnion	4.8
Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions	Where in the world is Àfrica? Selection of the Boeing 787's Battery Maker Raises Questions	4
Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines	women have 'taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed.'	2
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court	Justice Thomas hasn't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said "Well he did not"	3.8
Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting	Kids can't trust anyone!! ": 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers: "	3.8
Pentagon ends ban on women in combat	Pentagon to lift combat ban	3.4
U.S., other nations ground Dreamliners	U.S., other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk  (CNN)	3.6
Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too.	I don't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US	1.25
Neighborhood Joint | West Village: 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village	Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got 'em. #NabeJoint	3.2
ArtsBeat: James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead	HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go: The producers says he's gotten the rights from th...	4.2
Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades	This is interesting - NYTimes: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	3.6
Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters	Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta	4.2
Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?	Great idea":Should make capital gains regressive over time, based upon how long capital invested  #StartupAct"	2
Pentagon to open combat jobs to women	Pentagon breaking news, this going to be a big debate.	1.2
Nigeria waits for 'African Spring'	Omo dey go tey : Opinion: Nigerians still waiting for their 'African Spring' Sowore -	3.8
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland	Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware *Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland -	4.6
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online internet Aaron Swartz  commits suicide, relative says	4.8
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency	Got a flu shot? Exercising can make it work even better. from	4.2
For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation	For #Armstrong it's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always.  #doprah	1
Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward	Disruptions: Design Rivals Technology in Importance   : Nice quotes!	3.4
Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Before there was Dear Sugar, there was Deary Abby: Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions, Dies at 94	4
France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger	"France Is Increasing Security at Sites in #Niger and at Home."  #Uranium #Mali	4.6
2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty	On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts:  #dailywhale	2.4
U.N. Security Council slams North Korea, expands sanctions	N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions	1.4
Personal Best: Training Insights From Star Athletes	Training Tips From Star Athletes  #motivation #fitness	5
Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss	Interesting article! She’s (Rarely) the Boss	2.75
Are we living the capitalist's dilemma?	Christensen: We are living capitalist's dilemma	3.25
Prince Harry most eligible bachelor	the ginger in me loves that world's #1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily	0.8
DealBook: British Retailer HMV Enters Equivalent of Bankruptcy	:-\ HMV gone into bankruptcy equivalent...	4.2
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund	Really people??? ?: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?	3
British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali	British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case	3.8
?Selected Letters of William Styron?	DAILY REVIEW: Selected Letters of William Styron  #Review	4
